p my husband loves this game. I bought him this one for Christmas because he has the two previous ones already. He plays it every evening once all the kids are in bed. I think it's his way of relieving the pressure from his stressful day.
p This was the cheapest price for this "Season Hot" game when I was shopping for Christmas present. At the time is was $20 cheaper than any other site or retail store that I found. The shipping was very prompt.Thanks!!!!
p Got it for my grandson for Christmas and he loves it. He plays these games 24/7 and can't stop playing then. Him and his buddies play all the time, when not in school.
p This is yet another in the series of Call of Duty games. If you like any COD games you are sure to like this one as well. It is yet another in my Xbox series of games to play when you are in the mood to just be a soldier.
p I'm glad I caught this on sale. Its the latest in the Call of Duty universe so I'm glad I got to get it before the next chapter comes out...
p everything came in perfect working order.The only downside is children that will not shut up during the actual game play.
p got the game pretty quick and gave it to a friend for HALF the price which is pretty cool. I like the game so I wanted my friend to play with me
p Bottom line...this is a must-have for men. Looking for something to get your brother, boyfriend, fiance, husband or any other game -loving man in your life? GET HIM THIS!!! (you can thank me later)
p This was a gift for my son for his new Xbox. It was a good price and he seemed to enjoy receiving it.
p Purchase for my son-in law, who is into internet gaming and play against people all over the world. It gives him something to do as he has a lot of time on his hands.
p My grandson loved this as a gift! He plays it constantly!!!! His friends also have it and they can communicate along with them
p I rated it a five star I bought the game for my daughter to play she enjoy's it very muchshe plays with her friends and they have so much fun playingI had to limit her time on playing she played so much
p There were a lot of bad reviews about this game and I was skeptical about buying it,but I was wrong. Cod isn't really known for good campaigns,their multiplayer is what is good. I really like the changes they made,and when I say changes I mean lots,they were all for the better. The game is well balanced,and addicting when playing online. If you are getting this game just for single player only don't buy it,multiplayer is where it's at.
p Im a gamer so i love this game, it wrapped in plastic and everything i love this game, i have to discipline myself to stay focus on tasks cause it takes my full focus!
p This game is my favorite at the moment. Campaign plays fast but the online gaming is why we really buy these games & this one is top shelf!
p The game was awesome.I am a little disappointed with the multi player graphic.but over all the game was great.
p Love this game one of the Best cods ever but the graphics were better in black ops 2 and they added gun game on of my faves
p A good COD, but still nothing that compares to COD 4 in my book. Plus when I ordered this it was a steal from what it was going for at the store.
p I got this as a gift for my husband. I was looking all over the internet for a good price since all the retail store were between $49.99-$59.99. I found the best price here at Amazon and got it in 2 days only. My husband really likes the game. He has Black ops 2 and he said ghosts is much more fun and different, more exciting than black ops 2. Thank you amazon for such a good service.
p I purchased these for my son for Christmas as requested. He has been very happy with this game so far.
p I am a die hard COD fan. I buy everyone that comes out and honestly if it wasn't for COD I wouldn't even be that into video games. I think Ghosts has some of the best gameplay yet. I've spent the most time on it compared to any COD yet, replay is awesome, prestiging now makes sense in that you can use your points to purchase your favorite guns/perks right at level 1. This is a huge advantage over other COD's.I will admit that the first 2 hours of playing Ghosts I hated it and went back to Black Ops II. Just give it a chance, learn it's advantages and gameplay and you will love it in no time as I did.I only play Hardcore and while this game isn't perfect - annoying respawn rates on HD matches, it's better than any other COD to date IMO. It's constantly played in my house and the 360 hasn't been used this much before on a game to date.
p Drew loves his xbox 360 and getting games even when they take awhile to get here. It builds his excitement.
p This game is a great game that Cod fans will love. The game has a all new multiplayer that in some ways could be considered op (over powered) but for hard core cod fans this game is perfect for you. The extinction mode is like the new version of zombies but with aliens that have taken over the world and you must stop it. The campaign is really fun but a bit to fast and leaves it on a cliffhanger wanting more another thing infinity ward is great at. This game is great and is fun to play everyday.
p Great game, loved the graphics, I would definitely recommend it. I'm still working on beating this one very soon. On of the best!
p Every year I get the new "Call of Duty" for my son who is a COD player. Each year, he gives the game a thumbs up and is glad for the present.
p I got this game for my finace' for Christmas and didn't see him for days. I guess he got COD knapped. From how much he plays it offline and online I would say this games a winner.
p Im not some expert video game reviewer. I don't pick out every little thing that could possibly be wrong with a game. I just rate based on whether or not I enjoy playing it.I love call of duty ghosts. The campaign was really cool and interesting and I love how you could interact with the dog in some parts of the game. and I like multiplayer too because the maps are big
p This was a Birthday gift for my grandson and it was a big hit as it was all he could talk about before his birthday. Needless to say I was a hero in his eyes.
p Great game, lots of fun to play. It does not work single player on a 4GB Xbox 360 since it takes 3GB to download and a 4GB only technically has 2.2GB of free space. You can still play online and multi-player though, which is the reason we got this game.
p This game is a simple 5/5, but could be so much better. The campaign is a lot of fun and so is the addition of bots to the multiplayer, but the one downfall is the loss of the 4 player split screen. This game only allows two players to be playing together at any time in multiplayer, which would be great if that's all I wanted because of the addition of bots in multiplayer, but it becomes a real problem in a large family like mine who are all looking for games that allow us to play a 4 player game together. In my opinion it would be awesome if they would add an option to play 4 player split screen but not be able to use the bots when doing so.
p THIS GAME WAS SO GREAT I WANTED TO GO OUT AND PURCHASE ALOT OF GUNS AND ATTACK A RANDOM GROUP OF PEOPLE! YOU KNOW B/C THAT HAPPENS LIKE EVERY DAY! ..WAIT OH YEAH IT DOESNT DOES IT. THAT IS BECAUSE ITS A FREAKING GAME AND NOT REAL! AND IF YOU ARE SO STUPID AND DEMENTED THAT PLAYING A VIDEO GAME MAKES YOU WANT TO ATTACK PEOPLE WITH GUNS THAN YOU ARE PROBABLY ALREADY SCREWED UP IN THE HEAD AND NEED HELP. HECK YOU PROBABLY SHOULDNT BE ALLOWED OUT OF DOORS WITHOUT SUPERVISION OR A COLLAR OF SOME SORTS. THIS GAME REALLY IS ALOT OF FUN AND THE SOCIAL INTERACTIONS IS A BONUS FOR ALL THE NEETS AND HIKI'S.
p Transitioned from MW3 right to this (skipped the Black Ops games) and was at first put off by the differences - the maps seemed too big and the weapons overpowered. I stuck with it to find that there was much more control given to the player when it comes to weapon and load out configurations. When I started experimenting with these combinations, I quickly found that I too, could get a great combo of perks and weapon attachments/powers. The maps now seem much less intimidating than at first. Nice multiplayer action as usual. I play this COD exclusively now while MW3 collects a little dust!
p Bought for a gift my brother seems to enjoy the hell out of it !
p Best COD yet. Graphics are amazing and so is the sound. Multiplayer is great and provides hours and hours of fun. Five stars.
p Worked great
p Great game
p Campaign is as in the others, pretty boring, multiplayer however is the real s**t!
p Great game
p SON loves this game
p my grandson got it for Christmas and he loved it!
p very fast delivery and great price!
p The game is AWESOME and came in perfect condition! The iPhone 5s case had some scratches and it doesn't work very well! But when it works it works great!
p Good game.
p my son was very satisified with this game,met his expectations
p Enjoyed the campaign. I like that multiplayer has local bots that I can pick.
p GREAT GIFT
p best cod ever
p good game
p This was a gift and is exactly as expected
p My nephew is a fan of the call of duty series. Ordering was easy, delivery was quick, item was new. Everything went very smoothly.
p Son is very happy with this game. Brand new in box, factory sealed. Plays as he expected. As far I as I know, he is satisfied.
p Grandson loved it
p Everything is good my boy's liked thank you
p great game
p This game exceeded all my expectations.
p I'm on phase 50.
p Very good game!
p Fun
p Got it for my nephew who loved it !
p Loved it.
p great condition...shipped as promised
p Great game.
p Perfect graphics and reality.
p Bought as a replacement for the one we had that was ruined. The price was good, almost half of what it originally was, and it was brand new. It is still being used constantly. Good buy!
p You will be addicted to this game. lots of fun!
p It was good
p excellent ! i got it for my boyfriend for hia birthday and he loves it thank you so much !
p Good game. It is ejoyable and different from modern warefare 3. I am a black ops fan but this game is good to.
p It is Call of Duty so it comes with all the problems that are usually associated with Call of Duty: Lag, cheaters, and the occasional stupid things that the game does. Other than that I did not think I would enjoy the game when it first came out, I bought it not that long ago and me and my friends have logged several hours on the game since I got it two weeks ago. I am actually interested in buying the season pass for this game to add to my gaming experience!
p Call of Duty Ghosts is amazing and a great buy for everybody. Intense, fun, action packed, dramatic, and super cool.
p In my opinion this is one of the best Call of Duty games. People complain that the maps are too big but in reality it depends on what kind of game mode you're playing. Admittedly though some of the maps are excessively large like Stonehaven but most of the maps are medium sized maps. The campaign is great and ranking up is quick. Leveling up in Ghosts is really easy because the xp progression is like every 5 levels. for example from levels 40-45 you need 20000 XP for each level. This means that you rank up really fast which is good if you don't have the time to get to the last prestiges. Squad points are nice because basically everything you want for classes you can get right from the get go if you have the squad points so getting a decent class isn't too hard. Overall a great game.
p Arrived the next day! It's a great game. So many different multiplayer levels. Always something different to do. Great graphics.
p My newphew loves this game...He plays it night and day.Def worth the buy keeps the kids busy.Better then buying at the store
p A lot of deatil love the game super funEpic game multiplayer is awesomeBest game ever playedEpic epic
p Let me first say I do not get what people are hitting this game down for.It is a great new direction sorely needed.I will review in stages.Single playerMultiplayerExtinctionPlotGraphicsFirst off single player.This was for once a strong point the best campaign cod has had in a while some people bash it which makes no sense to me the campaign intales something completely different from the usual trys to be challenging and finally thinks of some new ways to play.I won't go to far into this because I don't wanna be a spoiler but trust me its better than the past has been because call of duty was starting to be copy and paste and this tryed to break that habit.Next multiplayer.Here is where I think most complaints are coming from.Most people get cod for multiplayer and well cod ghosts broke the chain up some. It took away the tactical insert and overall changed it up a bit and I will admit black ops II has a better multiplayer.Ghosts is still solid here but if you have black ops and you want it for the multiplayer alone just stick with what you have.Next ExtinctionThis was different but same yet weird all in one bundle.It clearly is a shot at taking from the arcade like success of zombies but missed some of key essentials to be comparable these alien like things came out of the earth it seems and well it is different.I don't know what to say here it is fun and different but it isn't write home about it worthy but still worth the time.Next plotHere is where it made some improvement.The plot is based around south america raising united (conquered) by Venezuela and rising up as the federation and destroys near half of America and WWIII pretty much happens.Its different its not the usual russia Germany or China based villain we are used to its something new I like that.Finally graphicsHere its meh. Average.Nothing else to sayThats my thoughts and I feel its worth it go for it good game.
p I've played through it several times now. Such an awesome game, so detailed. Some thoughts on it.- I liked the custom loadout going into each level in BO2, and Ghosts doesn't have a custom loadout at all, you just go in with a standard loadout each level. I like of like not having to think about the loadout, it's just different.- The game seems short. It still takes a while to get through the whole game, but it just 'seems' shorter. I can get through Ghosts in a couple of nights (normal playing, I'm not an all-nighter) where it may have taken me a few nights to get through BO2 and previous CODs. I'm sure the amount of detailed content plays into that a little.- I liked the variety of alternate endings in BO2 and I think they could have done that with Ghosts too with the story the way it is and people encountered along the way. The ending seems really light the way it is, which was just a really short prep-up for Ghosts 2 i'm sure.
p This was a gift and the person was really satisfied with it. Maybe not the best of all the other "Call of Duty" games, but very good. I recommend.
p TEENAGERS SPEND HOURS WITH THIS VIDEO. IT IS A BUILT IN BABYSITTER. I THINK IT IS A BIT TOO MATURE FOR THEM BUT THEY ARE HAPPY.
p I won't go into some diatribe of how this game sucks because it is a rehash of the same shooter every year (that is what it is though). I bought this game knowing full well that nothing truly "new" or mind-blowing would be provided by this game. I buy every one of these because COD is a great game to blow off steam with. I'm not some professional game player who spends his days looking for compelling stories or the best graphics. I am a casual gamer who spends a couple hours each week blowing off steam with some friends by trying to kill each other. This is where the game shines and I think I am the target audience. If you're looking for some perfectly balanced, 100% skill-based shooter then look elsewhere.
p it can get boring sometimes but it is the perfect game to just chill and talk frends talking about how cool that snoop dog gives u the orders and says it in a kind of rap and it gets stuck in ur head the the u start singing the then before u no it ur the highest level on gost and all ur frends think its cool so I recamend u buy it and toall those moms out there who think its to much money well answer this would u rather spend more time at work then when u come home ur kid is happy then tells u all about it or more time at home were ur kid is sad all day
p My grandson really enjoyed receiving this game. He is in to Xbox 360, and likes fun games, and has a great imagination. I am glad I bought this for him.
p We are pleased with the game and although we like Black Ops 2 better. Ghosts is still fun and I think it is good in the Call of Duty lineup.
p I don't know anything about it, but I do know that when the boys and their father get together I feel like I'm in a war zone.
p Came in nice and new just how I wanted it to , it's a fun game once u get used to it
p This was a birthday present for my son. My son, who just turned twelve, really loves this game. Two thumbs up!
p The action was great and the graphics were awesome. I will play this game again and again. I recommend it
p I choosed this ranking because i thing the game is fun and good graphics i like the game it's fun.
p I don't play but my nephew loved this game way too much ! great buy here ! Way to go
p He loves playing this game! every once in a while I have to pull him off it to go outside and play, lol!
p love this game one of my top call of duty games for sure has great story and extinction is great to but its all about multiplayer they shipped it in great condition and it all worked
p I've been a COD fan for awhile now I thought the past games covered all the bases then I found ghosts its a whole new playing field. The weapons can be upgraded that's one of my favorite things because with the previous COD games you usually needed something extra. In this game you can create the gun you want.
p The price for this game was unbeatable, as the game was $55 at walmart vs $30 on amazon! i think i will be buying games online from now on... worth waiting the 2-3 days for
p My husband loves playing this game and it was such an amazing price compared to a number of stores I checked including the big box retailers
p full of action...recommend to all my friends! war game at its finest. hours and hours of fun-filled, action-packed, smash mouth play
p Great game! A bit predictable but still good. I am a fan of the Call of duty franchise, their storyline was good but a tad short and predictable, but enjoyable. They really did good on the multiplayer aspect as well. I quite enjoy the ability to create my own soldiers. I only wish that I could've used my Kinect to take my picture and use that to make me into a soldier on the game. Now that would've been nice. But all around it's a good game.
p Many have noted that the spawns in this game are not fantastic, but there are many other great things in the game. The perk system is sweet and gives you a lot of good options. The maps are also pretty great. I never owned the black ops games (but I did play them), and if you compare MW3 with Ghosts, Ghosts is far and ahead much more fun in my opinion. You can play against bots instead of against your friends which is a really nice feature. In Halo or most other games you have to play against each other unless you are online, but you can all team up against the bots, or you can play safeguard (which is like MW3's survival), or you can play alien extinction (a bit like zombies). Campaign story is a bit absurd, but still fun to play.
p Purchased this as a gift for my teenage son for his birthday. He loves the game and plays it all the time. He's very pleased with it.
p Just what was requested. As always the best gifts to buy are those requested. Many hours of entertainment in one disc.
p I have all the Call of Duty games so I needed to get this one. This was different from the others with a good story line. The other game plays outside of campaign is fun. I can't complain. Looking forward to more historical war fighting like World at War.
p This game is Fantastic and very FUN For Call Of Duty Fans (: and dont know why that some people give one star?
p one of the hottest gifts to give a teen especially when they earn the rights to obtain suck a gift for doing so good in school
p If you're a fan of the COD series then you will enjoy this one as well. I was told it is a little different from the others and takes a bit to get used to, however, once you are used to the differences you will be fine.
p Good campaign but multiplayer the suckkkk.... Like you can get die of one shot but take a million to take down others
p Call of duty ghosts is the latest game and it doesn't disappoint. Great story line and all of the different people you get to play is lot of fun. Hours of enjoyment
p I enjoyed the varied action of the game. It was nice not having to "drive" any vehicle as this is not my strong suit in playing video games.
p If ur goin to play multiplayer, have a team with people u know on there. Other than that its a great game all around.
p Game was in perfect condition as stated. Bought this for my husband as a gift he was happy! And it was here before it was stated. a+
p This game has a great story for the campaign and the multiplayer game play is great. A lot of people complain about the multiplayergame play. I think it is great, because it is different from the other call of duty multiplayer formats. It has evolved and I believe the game is better for it.
p Ordered April 24th, received this morning, the 28th... The game was shipped with USPS i received it earlier than expected. The game was new and neatly packaged for a great price. I wont give you a low score because it's not your fault that the game is s***. It's really not its just the maps are huge af and theres too many campers. Other than that i love the game. I will be ordering all my games from you from now on..
p The COD family makes another great iteration with this gem. Tons of features for different games. There is something for all types of FPS gamers here. Hugely popular makes for an engaging online experience.
p Game is awesome and great condition . Highly recommended to play. The story mode is good and multiplayer like never before.
p Love the game, love the price.
p My sons were very happy. They were surprised when I got it for them and I was happy with the price
p it was a gift for my god daughters and I must admit I don't understand it but they love it so if they are happy I'm happy
p Nice game, weapons, killstreaks, maps and dcl content. If you wanna play next generation war game and multiplayer; buy it!
p I bought this for my fiancee for Christmas and it is still his favorite game three months later. Plus it shipped fast and damage free. I would recommend to anyone that likes the previous Call of Duty games.
p We preordered this game and of course it's his favorite like all the other CODs. He is always playing it.
p I suck at the game, but nevertheless it is definitely fun to play, especially online with your friends. Its worth the money. Only down side is that most maps are WAYYY TOO BIGG!!
p I bought this for my boyfriend because he loves the COD games and when he got it he was soooo excited. So Im happy he's happy
p I am a big war movie buff and I love all the Call of Duty Games. The graphics were great and the storyline was awesome. I can't wait for the next one to come out.
p The product is perfectly sealedThe delivery took place within the estimated timeThe product comes in a protected packaging to not suffer damageThe game is excellent and exceeded the expectations
p I bought this game for my nephew's birthday. He loves the Call of Duty games and has really enjoyed playing this one.
p Great game, good story line. Great on line play and just a whole new twist on things. squads is great and the new alien game mode is also great its a different twist other than zombies.
p Enjoy playing the game i do like the maps they are big but fun and a little different overall great game
p Love the game hate people play it move around shoot. No campingParents. Don't buy for your kids this is 17 year old game
p i purchased this game as a christmas gift it arrived as stated and in good condition it was very well packaged great purchase
p Best game ever and brand new with codes for limited maps months only available for preordered games after game was released
p Simply the best COD game so far. I have it on ps3, xbox360, and ps4. Ya, it's that good. The campaign is full of cool things to do, I won't spoil it for you. The multiplayer options are awesome!
p Was the best Xmas gift ever for our Grandson!! We couldn't have given him anything esle he could love more!
p I really like this game. Some people dont but I played the modern warfare series and this is same makers sooo I see no problem with it people need to get over it and remember its not black ops... its ghosts
p fun and what i expected for CoD vary fun good game grate dlc needs more guns have fun if you buy it
p PLAYING IT RIGHT NOW AND GREAT PRICE IT REALLY IS A GOOD GAME I HOPE IF YOU BUY THIS YOU WOULD ENJOY IT
p The single player campaign was outstanding, the multiplayer have improved a lot, and the new extinction is should be something to try out if you love strategy and to survive.
p I finally fix the lag problem you have to have a hdmi cable with Ethernet and and Ethernet cord to your xbox to your modem or router that fixes the lag the story left me wanting more and multiplayer player was fun now that I fix the lag problem my friend had onslaught dlc was SOOO fun
p Good game all that is wrong is the maps are to big and the campaign is way to short. 1other thing is when you get a maniac site other people just steal it!!!!!!!
p Exelent product it is just what I expected and more. I like everything about it, it works perfect for me.
p This was a Christmas gift for a friend and I believe it was very much liked and appreciated. Great idea!
p I wish that you and your squad could play one of your friends and their squad live.You can play your friend.You can play their squad.But you can not play your friend and their squad.
p It's a really good game but you need a lot of storage for it to let you play.Sometimes it buffers but maybe it's just the internet.
p Great game. Multiplayer is awesome. Just don't knock the xbox over while it's running, ha ha, or it will scratch and you'll be on here like me buying ANOTHER copy.
p Great game my older boys played it almost non stop when they got it. great game, not for young people.
p Well, I can't stop playing. Gotta love all the new gear, and XBOX live is fun. Campaign is a little short.
p absolutely amazing it was incredible. i highly recomend it. the story is compelling and the multiplayer is amazing all around.
p i got it early and its in perfect shape i love it its great and it played really smooth :)
p Love Call of Duty in general, heard mixed things about this one but when I finally got it I was impressed. I really enjoy it, just wish I had more time to play.
p Purchased for my grandson for Christmas. He absolutely loved it. He is a teenager and plays it with his friends all the time.
p Recommended for teens 16+Mature Audiences OnlyMy teen loves this game and enjoys connecting with friends to play! :)
p IDK whats with the bad ratings in this game, the quality is awesome and the storyline follows the previous games and might i mention a BOSS. The only downfall is that in Extinction mode as you progress in the game is that the level up Power-ups seem to become worst and not better, so the next gen should be more exiting right? Keep coming with the epicness, you guys rock!!!!
p I gave this to my son for Christmas and he was thrilled with it he is a video nut and has really enjoyed the game. I personally don't know what all the fuss is about
p this game was the bomb it got to me on time and i loved playing it no scratches or anything
p Christmas gift for my grandsons. They really like this game.This was a really good price for this game. They're enjoying playing it
p i loved that i was able to get this game at a lower price, and a new game at that
p With all the issues I've had with Battlefield 4, this game is phenomenal and have never had problems. The new maps that came out are also a blast to play.
p its a good game but not the best call of duty. it gets boring after some time of playing it.
p I got this gave for my husband as a Xmas give and he loves it - no complaints at all!
p I bought a perfect Christmas gift as he wanted. I believe it really kills a lot of time. Thank you.
p Came fast. Exactly as described. The boys love it! They play it almost daily. It is definitely one of the more popular games out there.
p i got this because santa was bringing xbox , & it only came with 2 games , he played it & completed it in a few days , they need to make these games longer or harder , so you can really get the $ worth out of them , he does this with every game , tho ! hes 9 !
p My stepsons wanted this for Christmas, I was late ordering it but it came the day before Christmas Eve and made a great gift.
p This was a present for my granddaughter. She lovesit, interacts with her sibling in another state. Keep them coming.
p This game is amazing it may have few flaws but its ok. perks system have really made it easy and more intersting
p My grandson is a gamer for his age. He saw the commercial for this game and reminded me everyday weeks before Christmas how he wanted it. Bought it and nearly everyday I have to hear about how he has done playing it. Thank you. Thank you.
p My Husband and Stepson are on this game all weekend long they try to teach me how to play all I can say is I suck when I'm play But I sure can tell them when to run,shoot, jump and ect. but I can't play for crap lol Oh well.
p I got this game for my son for Christmas & he LOVES it. plays it all the time. cant wait to beat the game.
p After playing BO2, I wanted to cry after seeing how terrible the knifing was. I knew Infinity did a better job at this and they did a great job. The graphics were shot down, but I'd rather have worse graphics and a lot more accurate gaming. MW2/3 are great and ghosts is just as good with a pretty good story. Black ops... the only reason I like that game is for the zombies...
p On time. Cool. Was a gift for my son in law. Why do I have to write so much to satisfy this thing?
p Love the game. The campaign is intense and leaves you wanting to know more. So stoked for the next one. Extinction and multiplayer are addicting.
p The call of duty line up just keeps getting better. Unbelievable multiplayer, secret game modes, attention to every detail. You will play anywhere from dry land to water and even space!
p my son really likes this game and was very pleased to get this as a gift so he could quit renting it.
p It's awesome. Blows your mind away. Absolutely terrific. Love the extinction and cant wait for the other maps to release.
p It was good to received it in time for Christmas, I think all of my grandkids enjoyed their gifts. Each one wanted a different game and I was able to make that happened for them.
p Good game for the cheap price I got it for. Works well very fun and was on $35 dollars when I bought it at Christmas time.
p My son was happy with this as his Christmas gift. Was even more pleasantly surprised that the game included a free gold live membership.
p Call of Duty for WBox came in time and in perfect condition. My son is enjoying every minute his plays this game.
p Game arrived in excellent condition and on time. Game is a lot of fun to play online and the campaign is very challenging.
p got here quick and in good condition. the word max seems like a really stupid idea to have in place
p Everyone has been playing it so I got it. The price is pretty good and the online play is pretty fun. It got here pretty
p my brother loves this game, i bought it for him on Christmas, and he cant stop playing it. i recommend it
p Walmarts had it advertised for a little more but we were a day late-even though they still had the sign out. So we got it for 20 cheaper-your lose Walmart. Great delivery time and Fantastic price
p my son loves this game. he said it is a lot better than he expected he seems to enjoy playing this game with his friends.
p This game should be recommended to all game players.An amazing game that I play all the time.Its graphics weren't that great.the graphics in black ops 2 were better.
p Very good customer service and well package. My son wanted this for Xmas and it got lost but they sent me a new one right away and my son loves it
p So the story line is hoaky and the voice acting is abysmal in spots (a lot) and of course there is a scene too close to Empire Strikes Back (father) no spoilers intended for the 1 person who did not see it yet. But gameplay is smooth even if your character gets hung up on things a little too easily compared to other CODs and it is strange that you can't seem to be the first through some doors. Overall well done worth maybe not too much but then again I am cheep.
p bought for my brother for christmas and he been playing it alot so im sure he like it.i have played some of the story and it quite good to be honest.have not played multiplayer but bro has and he like it so yea would recommend it.will be getting for ps4 that I will get soon im so excited.
p This game was a gift to someone and they loved it. The shipment came on time and everything worked out according to plan.Thanks!
p It was a gift for my grandson and he loved it! Played with it non-stop for hours. Still enjoying it.
p My teenager loved the game he got for christmas. It arrived right away just in time for christmas. Much easier than waiting in line at stores
p I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas / birthday and he loves it! he plays this at least 2-3 times per week!
p Bought this for Grandson. Good gift. It's what he wanted. I never played it so not sure how it rates compared to others. He has other Call of Duty games so this one should be good.
p I bought this as a gift for my dad for Christmas . He loves it. Shipping was extremely fast and product was brand new a promised.
p The boys love this game and play it often. They play against each other. It was a good gift for both of them.
p I love to play this game.The graphics are better, The matches have more options to choose from and better camo.
p this item was ordered as requested for a gift by my teenager. He received it and he loved it very much.
p This was a Christmas gift for my nephew and he is SUPER excited about it. It got her quickly and packing was fine. Nothing negative to say.
p great game, good packaging, good price for the holidays, cousin loved it, and the only problem is the generic all of duty sequence that the game ad multiplayer sort of follows
p The game got here really fast and in excellent condition! I bought this game for my husband and he loves it! He really likes being invisible, but he says it doesn't last long enough.
p My grandson absolutely loves this game. He keeps thanking us so I guess we did OK . Him and his dad plays so that's a good thing to.
p Great price brand new and wasn't able to find it anywhere but on Amazon it is rated M for mature so would not recommend for younger children.
p Freaking awesome game. The graphics and storyline are amazing on a big screen TV. Game play is fluid and exciting. I have never reviewed a game before so please forgive my generic approach. I will not give gameplay details because I do not want to give away storyline. But damn, I'm hooked!!!!!!!!!
p Once again, I bought 2 of these games because both my sons wanted the game and we all know how well children share. They both enjoy playing this game either together or with others.
p Recommended, good graphics, good sound, bad for the xbox 360 version is two disc, one is just used for installations,
p This is a great game, whether your playing on line or not !!!!, I recommend it to anyone that likes shooter games.
p she was thrilled with her new game and I got it in time for xmas with no problem. plays it all the time
p My son has really enjoyed the game, among the other games he got this one is the most popular. Thank you for the fast shipment in time for christmas.
p Its great exactly like the description and was brand new, great price for a brand new game. I loved it
p I know nothing about Video Games but my Grandson was so excited when he opened his gift Christmas day...He got on his Cell Phone right away to tell his best bud that he got it...So I would say it was a good gift..
p the product arrived within a few days. the game was in original packaging.my children really enjoy playing this game very much.
p My son is very happy with this purchase. I bought it without knowing what he wanted and i hit it on the head.
p Great game. Install was easy on Xbox 360. No lengthy updates required out of the box. All the program scenarios maintained a consistent flow and navagating around the scenes was intriguing. Highly recommended!!!!
p purchased as a Christmas present and i must say it definitely was a good buy will buy the next one!
p My son loves it..I don't play the games but it was the greatest thing to see him smile while opening his gift
p This game came pre packaged and brand new. My son loves it, he plays if everyday. Good game put out by Xbox as usual!
p My husband is totally addicted to this game. I kinda hate it because (see beginning of comment). Dumb to require more words.
p I gave this to my nephew for Christmas and he told me it was a GREAT game! No complaints from him. He rates it 5/5.
p Got this game for my boyfriend for Christmas. The shipping was pretty fast and if I recall it was free, it was also a couple dollars cheaper than the store price which was obviously wonderful! He hasn't stopped playing the game so I guess it is pretty good!
p My son wanted this game and says it is fine...he doesn't like it as much as some of the other Call of Duty games, but he said it is still fun. This was shipped quickly and was a great price compared to local stores!
p This is the one game my son had been repeatedly asking for for Christmas, and he absolutely loves it. He plays it live with the microphone.
p I bought this for my son and he really likes it, said it was the best campaign challenge out of all of them. I do know it shipped fast and in good shape
p was a bit short for the money but still a good game wish they'd make them longer for the money but always enjoyed the call of duty games
p The 1st one did not work. call and another was shipped overnight. Grandson is thrilled and has not put it down since the 2nd one came in. Great gift and great customer service.
p I am amazed at the complexity of the story! What a great game and sequel to the previous editions, I didnt think they could make it any better
p I purchased this for my husband's birthday gift and he absolutely had a great time playing this game! You will not be disappointed!
p This game is fun when there aren't a lot of try hards in the game. People jump like there is no tomorrow but other than that it is a pretty new experience. It's practically the only game I play, currently on the xbox 360.
p I bought it for my brother in law. He and I played it for a couple of hours and enjoyed it. He beat the game in a couple of days though. It is what you expect from Call of Duty.
p This game is worth the money paid . Thanks for the great price. We will be looking for more deals .
p My nephew loved the game. My sister said after he got the game, she never saw him after he got home.He was in is room playing it. So glad he really liked it.
p I purchased game for grandson for Christmas, he was crazy excited. He said it was fun challenging and way better than blacks 2. the look on his face was priceless.
p Loved the fact I could get the same price as Black Friday deals without leaving the house! Grandson loved it!
p Very fast delivery and a great price. It was a gift and the recipient loved the game. He is 14yrs old and felt it was very difficult at first. After about a week playing he has improved his initial difficulties and now loves it.
p All I have to say is that my Stepson LOVED his Christmas this year when he unwrapped this present!! All I can say is that it's an awesome game which makes Amazon awesome for having it!! Thanks Amazon!
p Yes call , the Call of duty Ghosts xbox 360 game fully met requirements and expectations. I would recommend it to others
p Everything you'd expect from a Call of Duty game. Great graphics and awesome yhat it has more than one player on campaign.
p Purchased this for my husbands birthday. He loves the call of duty series. Couldn't get him to stop playing for hours. Shipped right on time.
p This was a gift for my grandson and he was really excited to receive it. He and friends have already played it.
p My "tween" son didn't really think the game was going to be any better than the one he had gotten last year.He was very surprised at how much better it is. He is REALLY enjoying it!
p I don't personally play, however, we gave this to my 16 year old son for Christmas. He plays a lot and he loves it!
p It was for our Grandson and I understand they are having trouble getting him off the X-Box :) Just kidding.
p great game with beautiful graphics. it mixes black ops 2 and modern warfare 3 guns and adds something like zombies and will give you a fun gaming experience
p Awesome game. I enjoy playing this game on my 50 inch screen TV, It is very realistic and is a lot of fun.
p This game was for my son, and he loves it. In the words of a twelve year old, "it's raw!" It's his favorite game. lol, this week anyway
p everyone has said that this is the best Call Of duty so far...They were right!! Play this in surround sound. it will blow you away!!
p My grandson loves that he got this game! We keep the volume turned down so he doesn't hear any language but enjoys playing the game.
p It was a gift. Do not play games myself so have no clue as to how good the graphics are.
p I got this game for Christmas and it is really fun. I have friends hangout at my house and we play it. They all LOVE it
p It's the best realistic game I've ever seen. The graphics and options are extrem!!!! Learn new secrets every day. Awesome!!!
p My son was very happy unwrapping this gift.....it came faster than expected and it was exactly what he wanted. Yeah
p My husband and kids just love this game. They like seeing how soldiers are together as a team and have to help one another.
p A good start for next gen games. Although the story was short and the multiplayer wasn't as fun as previous titles it is still worth it.
p my son hasn't stopped playing the game with hisgaming time. he loves the graphics and the gun selection.. thanks
p My husband is always playing this game so I guess it must be worthy of 5 stars and I always know where he's at! lol
p COD took this game to the next level. I'm real happy with the multiplayer and campaign game play. The player customization and kit modifications are great as well. I have no complaints with this game at all.
p Awesome as expected. Best campaign yet. Also has the best multiplayer game type. I suggest cranked. Fun underwater and outer space play.
p This was purchased for a Christmas gift for a grandson-he was very happy to receive it-i know nothing about video games
p Received the game just in time for my sons birthday and he loves it. He has all the other Call of Duty games and this just tops it with the graphics.
p Lots of good graphics and good story line !Another Call of Duty classic with intense action :) Enjoy the fun.
p Purchased as a gift at a great price, shipped quickly and received box in perfect shape and it worked perfectly with no problems.
p Shipment was quick and the product as described. My son was so excited to get this for Christmas and loves it.
p It was a great price for a great game and I love the game I recommend the game for anyone
p brand new game the packing it came in kept the game secure i had no problems receiving the game on time before christmas
p my grandson was so excited to receive this, it was the only thing he was hoping to get for xmas
p Kids haven't put down the controllers! The great graphics and non stop action keep them constantly interested while playing. Lots of fun
p Our son was extremely excited!!! Came in before date stated.and for that you get 5 stars from us.will buy again from this site.
p Just what my 17 yr old wanted! Got it here for a cheaper price than the game store! Hasnt stopped playing it yet!!!
p Wasn't sure how much I would like Ghosts but so far I am very happy with it.Campaign is great!
p Best Call of Duty since Modern Warfare 2. Possibly better. Every Call of Duty fan should own it today. Word.
p Kids loved this for Christmas! Come in time for them to have under the tree! Love Amazon for getting everything we needed here in time.
p Bought this game for my son for Christmas. He loves the gameplay and he has played it everyday since. Awesome
p Its a call of duty game I enjoyed them all I recommend this if you like fps and online gameplay
p MY SON ABSOLUTELY LOVES THIS GAMEHES PLAYED NON STOP SINCE CHRISTMAS MORNINGSAYS CANT WAIT TILL HE BEATS IT LOL
p The game is awsome the graphics rock and for the price it was the cheapest found on the internet such a good deal
p My kids said they love the new Call of Duty Ghost . It meets all their expectations and more .
p My boys love this game and play it all the time!!! keep up the good work with these games. thanx
p My son is addicted to this game. It's not near as bad as some of the other "killing" games out there.
p My grandson was very excited with what I got for him for Christmas, he has stopped playing it with his friends
p Great graphic,story line does not disappoint,,like the ease of multiplayer mode...and great weapon choices...what else can I say love it!
p Lots of great action and continious fun and adventure. Great game and lot of fun! Really fast shipping, Impressed and would buy again!
p Excellent campaing. I'd always like the plot of the call of duty games, it was intense. The multiplayer didn't change much
p Bought this as a gift and was very pleased. Brand new in original packing, product was exactly as described. Great buy!
p Awesome game! Bought as a gift and they loved it. It is his pick out of all of his games.
p Gave it to my Nephew as a gift. He loves it. Amazing how realistic these games are these days.J.HillBrighton,MI
p My son got this game for Christmas. He is really enjoying it. The graphics are awesome, and the missions are fun. They even have dogs in this version that help them with missions.
p This was a Christmas gift for my son and he loves playing it. It also came with a code he could use for a new map.
p Really good. Cant stop playing. Only on long enough to write this review. If you don't try this you will regret it.
p Call of duty did it again, another hit. The maps on multiplayer are super fun and the campaign mode took me a couple of days to complete. And I got it on sale from Amazon when WalMart ran out.
p Great game with a lot of cool new features to explore including weapon and squad customization and coop extinction is a blast
p Call of Duty Ghosts is another great edition from the best FPS in the biz! Keep up the good work CoD team!
p My son has been playing this game since he got it on Christmas day. He said best graphics so far.
p Great graphics and game play. The replay on this is awesome and the layout is amazing. I recommend this game.
p Keeps you on your toes. Really have fun. The grandboys enjoy playing. Keeps them busy as i do my house work
p Exceeded all expectations. Great game! Got in timely period. Nothing like another halo. Very addicting and glad I was able to get
p This was what the grandsons requested. They opened their gifts, took the game and disappeared to their room for a couple of hours. I guess that's their stamp of approval. It arrived in 3 days -- that's my stamp of approval.
p It was more than five stars to our daughter. She wanted gta v but got this instead and said she was happier with it than getting what she thought she wanted
p my kid is very happy with the product... he is very happy with the game and the characters on the screen..
p THIS GAME WAS VER GOOD THE SHIPPER WAS VERY FAST THE PRODUCT IS GOOD I DONT THINK I WILL EVER GET TIRED OF IT
p 5 star, recommend this game for older children. At Christmas time this was hard to find and I am glad Amazon had it in stock
p Great game, showed up when expected, was indeed new, no issues with the packaging or disc. My son loves playing the game (feels a bit slow for a FPS to me, but that's probably because Titanfall ruined me). It's a very well-rounded game, lots of playing time without running out of things to do.
p This is by far my favorite installment of Call of Duty so far. The campaign is fun and stays interesting the whole way through. I don't usually get into multiplayer much, but Squads mode is really fun it's the only COD title I actually play online much at all.
p Awesome price for an awesome game
p Bought it for my other xbox, shipped and was delivered on time. It was also brand new and sealed. I like the game but I hear a lot of ppl complain about it when your playing online multiplayer. But I'm completely satisfied with my purchase.
p I beat the campaign (in regular difficulty) in six hours. I definitely like the new storyline; its similar to the Modern Warfare storyline in that Activision may be releasing a sequel and perhaps a making another trilogy.
p its a fine game, the space part is really pretty cool. its a normal cod campaign, easily beat in a few hours. the online part is the best part. great guns reallly fun. i love having the dog killstreak.
p I haven't been very impressed with recent COD games unless I'm playing online. This game, however, has a really fun campaign! I've enjoyed this game for both since Christmas 2013!!
p I will receive the game tomorrow. I really think I will like it like MW3.I didn't like BO or BO2 that much.Well I am excited to finally get this game and at such a low cost.
p It was on Time, actually a day early which was nice. The price was great. The game was new and undamaged. What more can you ask for? Overall very happy with the experience.
p 6 years later, after the ptsd slowly fades away, i start to write my story.. as im ready to publish, i started seeing the ghosts again, is time
p After I got the game in the mail, I have been playing it like crazy! I look forward to buying more items from Amazon in the near future!
p They were very helpful, polite and quick with shipping. I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
p This was an amzing game and great shipping everything and i loved this game best one so far :)
p Came in on time and was in perfect condition and at a very reasonable price. wow such game. so war. much play
p Bought for teenage son and he loved it. Played all the time in his bedroom with his friends.
p The game works great, and with no issues. I would buy from this vendor again in the future.
p Great game. My husband loves this game. Countless hours of fun for men and children alike.
p Grandson loved it. He was excited with the fast delivery and got exactly what we ordered.
p Love the game, multiplayer is of course the best. The story mode is about like the other
p Game arrived brand new and still in plastic. Great price! Will do business with again.
p my grandson has all the call of duty games and loves them all. This was the latest.
p and its ships fast and he play with his cuzen online everday u guys should buy it
p Great product at a great price. Purchase for son and husband and they love it.
p Purchased this as a gift! My brother loved it and the shipping was super fast.
p beautiful..works perfect..exactly asescribed..would buy again if i NEEDED ONE
p Exactly what I was looking for and exactly what the description said it was.
p new game, i have not tried it, but my sone cant wait to get home and play it
p I am a big fan of "Call of Duty" and this one didn't disappoint!
p I never buy new games at full price, waiting a few months before finally buying was definitely worth the wait for this game.
p One of the funnest games I have ever played. I can not wait to play the next one game in this series.
p Ghosts is great fun, something new and has many hours of play time. I would recommend to anyone in any format.
p i like the new gamemodesand the squads works wellbut the ghost app they have for the game is goodand i got mine used and it worked great like new
p The title says it all. This is a very epic game. Activision has really stepped up there game on this one. I have all the Black-ops games and this one is my favorite.
p This was bought for my son, per his special request. He loves this game, plays it as often as he can.
p I think it's a great game and i will be buying from this place again And Aga also, hope to get more games
p Great Game, fast paced and a great story line. I bought into it to beat around with some old friends. My used copy came just as described and like new...
p This is a great game. I've only been playing multiplayer and squads with it. I haven't tried out campaign mode yet. The graphics are cool and it's fun to play. I'm halfway through my 2nd prestige.
p i have been playing cod online since call of duty 2 when my 360 came bundles in 2006. this game by far has the biggest skilgap, but that might be why a lot of casual gamers don't like it (too easy for pubstompers to reign havoc). the gun balance is on point, hit detection is best in the franchise (breaks par with mw2/cod4), and map design is complex creating more strategy. the game is much more realistic with maps that have power positions and tons of flank routes for choice. killstreaks are hit and miss and spawns are inconsistent (depends on game type and map to be honest) and can be frustrating.This definitely is a better game than MW2 or Black Ops which a lot of people claim is the best cod (but really they just say that because it was their first cod).
p If you like other COD games, you'll love this one. New in game features, better graphics and more realistic movements and weapons handling. The campaign is better than Black Ops 2, and you get to use a service dog. How awesome is that?
p I almost didn't buy this game because of the complaints, but after playing for a couple weeks, I'm really glad I took a chance on Ghosts. I knew the "Infinity-Ward-promised-they-would-have-dedicated-servers"-argument wasn't completely valid, because I.F. does offer dedicated servers to players using Xbox One. If I had $500 laying around I might buy an Xbox One and another copy of Ghosts just for the dedicated servers with the expectation that when developers start developing purely for the new consoles games will take another leap forward. Until I do, I'll have to settle for one person in the lobby having a slight advantage. In case you didn't know, the host, in every match in the Xbox 360 version has a slight advantage, because (in case you've never played) the game is mostly encounters and who can pull their gun / shoot the fastest, so every millisecond of lag that everyone except the host has counts.That said, Ghosts is awesome and no matter your console, I recommend it. Unless you want a specific review, that's all you need to know.First, my favorite thing about Ghosts:The audio engineering and processing (effects) have improved a lot. What bothered me most about MW3 was the sound. Something was broken or unfinished with noise reverberations, so gunfire would be heard coming from the opposite direction (off the map from out at sea, even), or it would sound too similar whether it was coming from right next to you or halfway across the map, or gunfire and footsteps seemed to come from no direction in particular, as if the game slipped into mono when there's clearly no one directly in front or behind you, or directly above or below you. Ghosts doesn't have this problem at all (although it's something that can always be improved), in fact, gunfire sounds different depending on the space it's being fired in, it makes the game feel more immersive.What I hate the most about Ghosts:The only way to turn down the music in Ghosts is by playing the "Hardcore" game mode. I rely on my ears almost as much as my eyes and every time some dramatic music comes blaring it's like being flash-banged in the ear. I just take cover and wait for it to pass. Some people want an arcade-environment, heck, sometimes I want an arcade environment, but most of the time I prefer to "lose myself in the game", and the arcade and "encouraging" or "celebratory" music / announcements remind me I'm just playing a video game. I wouldn't want Ghosts to lose it's zaniness, so just having the option to turn it down or off would be nice.Other impressions:- There are a couple large maps, it's true, but they're cool maps, and once you learn the spots people gravitate to, their size isn't a problem. People who are used to running around with an SMG getting close-up kills are going to get frustrated with these maps. There's a slower pace to the large maps, but, like always, I.W. included enough cover to travel around the map and sneak up on snipers. The rest of the maps aren't big and all of the DLC maps are small-medium. Anyone complaining about campers should try gun game or free for all, where it doesn't pay to camp. Speaking of camping..- Since I get no pleasure out of camping, I don't do it, but sometimes people call me a camper, which leads me to believe people think there's a lot more camping going on than there really is. Consider this; every time I get hurt but don't die I'm going to stop and rest / heal, every time I reload my weapon I stop, and if I hear enemy footsteps I often stop and listen, or maybe IRL i'll have to handle something which will make me stop in the game. Unless the same person kills you from the same spot twice, they might not be camping, and even then it's your fault for not checking to see if they're still there. Of course, there are marksmen and snipers posted up on the large maps, but that's war.- Game Modes: Team Deathmatch, Cranked, Blitz, Search & Rescue, Search & Destroy, Infected, Kill Confirmed, Domination, Hunted Free For All, Free For All, Team Tactical, Free Fall Moshpit, Hardcore Team Deathmatch, Hardcore Kill Confirmed, Hardcore Search & Rescue, Hardcore Domination, and...- GUN GAME! I'm so glad this game mode has been added. No other game mode gets my heart pounding so hard. If you've played gun game in another game like CSS for instance, then you already know. How it works is each one of your kills changes your gun, and the last kill must be with a knife. It helps / forces you to become proficient with all of the types of weapons / playing styles.- Ghosts uses the same engine Infinity Ward has been using, so it feels a bit like "the same ol' game." But I wouldn't have it any other way, I think the engine is perfect and I wouldn't mind if they keep on using it.- The customization is becoming epic. One thing I've always liked about the series is that you can really cater to your own playing style. Or play different styles depending on what load-out you choose. This has never been more true. Perks are worth different amounts of "squad points", and by choosing not to have certain equipment; tactical, lethal, secondary weapon, primary weapon, you get extra points to spend on perks. You can change the way your characters look by achievements, which unlock face / clothing variations. How you make your character look is how you will be seen by other players in game.- You can start new "characters" buying your favorite guns/equipment/perks with saved up squad points. Each character has it's own kill/death score. You don't lose anything by prestiging, and as long as you start saving squad points around level 40 you'll have enough to start a new character/prestige with a solid load-out. This is a welcome contrast to losing everything and starting from scratch the way we used to prestige in previous titles.- You seem to spawn more randomly than previous titles. This can get you killed soon after spawning, or can bring an abrupt end to your killstreak when an enemy spawns in a place unoccupied a moment ago. You will taste injustice, but Ghosts is more engaging BECAUSE of the random spawning. The amount of running one used to do after each re-spawn to get to the enemies made previous games less exciting. Now you spawn closer to enemies, which makes the game more intense and keeps everyone on their toes.- You can climb on stuff more than previous versions.- You can lean around corners now (if you want), so only the top half of your body is visible to the enemy.- In MW3 I felt as though I couldn't go on a killing spree with just a blade like I could in MW2. Ghosts balances out that overpowered playing-style by making your character pause for a moment each knife kill. So you have to be more ninja / tactical when taking out multiple enemies with a knife only. Also, Ghosts indulges this playing-style with it's "Maniac Juggernaut"-killstreak, where you're knife only but you get lots of armor and faster movement (just what you need to rampage with a knife).- Air support is more brutal now because there is no AUTO-lock missle launcher, you actually have to aim (and you will likely miss).- Ghosts feels more in between regular and hardcore, I mean, you die more easily, but you get kills more easily. To me it makes the game more fun. You get some "OMG/BS/WTF" deaths, but you can get some lucky kills when you're hot.- The maps are awesome. Slightly more interactive, cool-looking, nice flow to the gameplay, and some of them sometimes change radically mid-game.- The guard dog is pretty cool, and despite what you've heard, it's not that hard to kill.. All it takes is 1 throwing knife, or just back up while shooting it. Armor piercing rounds help a lot.- The slide is alright, it would be better if you slid extra far when sliding downhill, or more or less slide based on the weight of your load-out, and it would be nice if when you slide in water it splashes instead of tossing up dust (the audio is a splash at least), and if the slide was a bit faster (it's great for going from sprint to prone quickly / smoothly, but if it were faster for light-load-outs, it would help one dodge gunfire by sliding to cover).Conclusion:Overall, I'm totally pleased with Ghosts and I think I.W. is moving in the right direction. Instead of making drastic changes to something that is great, they're just tweaking it here and there, and to me that's the perfect way to release new editions, just keep improving it. Every complaint that almost made me not buy this game turned out to be flimsy. I'm really glad I bought it and I'm happy to continue supporting Infinity Ward.. . . .Some things I'd personally like to see in the next installment:- The wiretap perk needs to work on Hardcore. It's worth three perk points, after all. What I mean is, radars are now deployable and wiretap allows you to see all radars on the field including the enemys', but it doesn't work on Hardcore.- Though it is pretttty fun, I have never cared much about COD single player, and in the future I think they should put out a version of C.O.D. without the single-player campaign. All the story, graphics, wasted maps, voice acting, for me it's all a waste. I.W., for one game at least, should try devoting all of their time, money, and energy to multiplayer map-making and the multiplayer experience. Maybe have some simple skill-improving single-player mini-games for when the internet isn't working, like the time-trial obstacle course at the very beginning of MW2 (i think) with the pop-out cardboard enemies (SO FUN!). Or just have zombies coming from all directions of the map or something.- Maps that start out in good shape and slowly get destroyed by our bullets, grenades, and missiles.- All previous COD maps in one DLC. If a map comes up people never really liked, they won't vote for it. And how much extra programming / resources can it take to add an old map to the same engine? The more maps the longer the game will hold my interest, and I don't mind re-purchasing the "classic maps"-DLC for each COD installment.- The option to turn off music & reward-sounds in regular team deathmatch.- Compass attachment for weapon. (Hardcore has no compass without sat com radar.) For me to communicate effectively with my team I need to tell them where the enemy who killed me is. Even if it was just the old-fashioned compass that only points north it would be valuable.- The option to adjust scoped-in sensitivity as well as general movement/turning sensitivity.- In Free-For-All add "reigning champ" stat on display in that server. If the host changes (assuming I.F. or Microsoft isn't hosting) one would lose it, but it would still be cool.- If when you shoot something containing liquid, liquid spills out. What if you accidentally slipped into kneeling if you were sprinting across spilt liquid? Or slide further depending on the type of floor the liquid spilled on?- Use a rocket or dynamite to blow a hole in a wall to look out of, enter, or exit a building.- 3 levels of sprint speed, the fastest only lasting a couple seconds, the second-fastest being the current sprint speed, and a jog (between walking and running) that lasts a little longer than the current marathon-less load-out.
p Great game! Call of Duty: Ghosts makes an excellent gift for any 360 player. Awesome price and phenomenal shipping speed!
p This was great until my boyfriend (whom I bought it for) bumped our X-Box and ruined the first disc on the first day he played it... Now we'll have to pay $20 or so for a new copy... That sucks...
p Just what we had expected! No problems with this game. My son is getting much enjoyment from this game. He loves it.
p MY OLDER BOYS PLAY EVERY SHOOTING GAME THAT YOU CAN THINK OF. THEY HAVE PLAYED THIS EVERY DAY SINCE GIVING IT TO THEM ON CHRISTMAS. THEY LOVE THE REALITY OF THE GAME.
p I have no clue why people said this game was so bad. This game was an awesome game to the COD Franchise. It had incredible Story Mode and, my favorite, Multiplayer. (I love the Strikezone map!)
p great shooting game but I miss the beginnings from modern warfare
p Bough this for my son-in-law for Christmas and he loves it.
p my grandson loves this game,he suggestes this to all gamers
p Yes it arrived and had not been openedI was pleased.
p Awesome product, great price. Would recommend this item.
p Item arrived on time. Great quality will order again.
p Cheap price, fast delivery, all is right w the world.
p Great game!!!!! Best of the Cod games besides MW2!!!!
p Same game as black ops 2 but the story mode is nice
p very good condition and at best price thank you
p It was bought as a gift. I think he liked it.
p Got it for my son for Christmas. He loves it.
p was very satisfied with order and promptness
p Fast delivery, no scratches awin in my book
p Good for first time Call of Duty players.
p Item as advertised and delivered on timer
p Purchased as a gift, my son loved it.
p Great game speedy delivery all good.
p just like all call to duty good game
p The game is awesome. Extinction is fun, Squads is fun, most of multiplayer like Search & Rescue, Search & Destroy, and Infected are fun. And an insanely awesome Campaign!!
p Great Game with perfect Shipping!
p The kid enjoys it! Enough said :)
p Quick shipping & very inexpensive
p arrived ok, the game is wonderful
p Quick shipping & kids loved item.
p What I like: On line multiplayer build outs, good campaign.What I don't like: Season pass is expensiveI've Prestiged twice so far playing on-line. I do like the fact I can get extremely varied with perks and build outs. I have one class with all speed (unl sprint, faster movement, faster ready-up, SMG) that is unbeatable in small maps (2:1 k/d is easy) and then big map anti-camper buildouts (perks to see enemy, MK-12 with thermal, etc). I don't run a secondary since I never use one, and so, I get another slot.I've also downloaded the Capt Pierce (sp?) and Wolf which are just custom skins for you and your military dog. Don't want to play as a girl? Any character can be "skinned-over" as Capt Pierce. Downside, no customization of headgear, uniform or tactical gear.You have really large maps, medium, and small maps which can allow you to build different skills and learn pacing. On big maps, a run and gunner will have problems. A sniper usually gets merked hard on smaller maps. A few people still think drop shotting works but it's kinda silly in this game. Oh, and no dolphin dives, but you can slide. I just got the patch for knifing (melee kill) during a slide.Clan play is good, but I wish there was an easier way to kick people out who troll lobbies.
p People are giving this game bad reviews because they are not good at it, plain and simple. This game is harder than other cods because they lessened the auto aim. I can have a 4.0 kd in any other cod but it around a 2.7 in this one. Let's address the main issues.1) You do die fast. It does seem like gunfights are gone, more about seeing the person first now more than ever BUT as the old adage goes "Good players win gunfights, great players avoid them" Get your map awareness up and you'll be fine.2) Spawns are terrible. I can't argue with that but they will be fixed.3) Connection is good but I still have those moments where I get shot around corners.4) Quickscoping is easy. This is by far the easiest cod to do it in but it still takes skill to do it well. Remember most good quickscopers would kill you easier with reg guns so don't be too mad.5) No league. As a competitive player this is dumb but I can ways scrim, gb, or get in an 8's lobby.6) Some maps are too big. Try to stick to Strikezone, Warhhawk, Freight, and OctaneIt's a good game just learn how to not rely on auto aim so much and you'll be fine.
p great game. quick ship. thanks
p What can I say the boyz love it
p Like it very much.thanks amazon
p Very good playing it right now
p Great price and fast shipping!
p AWESOME GAME, SO MUCH FUN!!!
p This game will mean a lot, g
p One of the best games i have
p I am addicted to this game
p I had no problems with it
p I'm really happy thanks.
p As described, fast ship.
p Call of Duty: Ghosts - Xbox 360 is a great gameCall of Duty: Ghosts - Xbox 360 was here in 2 days
p My son is happy. Received game within 3 days. Saler was on point. I will recommend to family and friends.
p Great price great game!
p my son loves this game
p Fast ship Great price
p Another good game...
p I want the item back
p The game works great
p Just what I wanted!
p Son plays it daily
p Mostly what I play
p This was a gift.
p Excellent game.
p All as expected
p Not fan of game
p Excellent game.
p Grandson loves
p my son love it
p Great quality
p Awesome Game!
p Very Good !!!
p Love it!!!!!
p No problems
p Great game.
p Kids Love !
p Great gift
p great game
p Excelentes
p great game
p This game is SO much fun. The multiplayer is fun, but the campaign is even more fun, recommended for everyone!
p i think this is one of my favorite game of all time, YES i do think the maps are to big but other than that i love this and have no other complaints!!!!
p I got this game for my fiance as an anniversary gift.He'd been talking about the game for some time now.He loved it.What he loved more though, was the fact it was wrapped, and the note that I was able to attach.Thanks so much!
p my husband plays this game so much, when the new game come out I had to get it for him LOL. So far it keeps him happy, the graphics are pretty awesome for a video game LOL.
p If you are a Call of Duty fan and love 1st player shooting, strategizing games, this game is a must have. A blast to play with your friends.
p is all I wanted, is perfect I like it , better than others, I would like that all know that is perfect
p My kids really like this game. It's kind of bloody though so, it's not for younger kids. Seems like all the boys are playing this game, and they talk about it all the time. Great graphics.
p Great Game. GLad the updates fixed it. Great Quality and Great speed by the shipper. Reccommend to All. A must have
p After playing CoD: MW3 a lot and online, I decided to try the CoD: Ghost.My first impression of the graphic when it started was amazing.Started to play and the story is great. easy to play.Unfortunately I played only 10% of teh 100% of the game, because I sold my Xbox 360, but no worries becuase I ordered the:XBOX ONE TITANFALL BUNDLE and I'VE ORDER CALL OF DUTY: GHOST TOO!!!! WOOHOOOOO!!!!I'm looking forward to keep playing GHOST.
p I got this game for my fiance for Christmas and we both enjoy playing it all the time. The only bad thing about it is that it's the first COD game where the local multi-player is limited to two, after being available for up to four players.
p It is an awesome Call of Duty title! I like the challenge of extinction. I recommend this game for first person shooter fans.
p Bought this for my husband. He has been playing it quite a bit so I think he likes it a lot!
p I took advantage of this steal and got this game in perfect condition for a fraction of the price. I had a problem with delivery and contacted the seller, they were quick to respond and I appreciate that.**This game is awesome, I am now building my COD collection !!!
p Game is awesome and seller was on point. I play the local multi-player all the time and drink beer and i love it. It beats black ops 2 because of the new weapons and maps but still wish it was 4 player.
p This was a present and it arrived on time. I can't rate the game because I don't play this. It's a brand new game and according to my cousin it rocks.
p Was A Gift And I Have Not Heard Any Complaints So I Guess All Went Well Thanks For The Service
p Son loves to play this game, and he says it is the best one yet. He plays it alot, and you can turn off the language part if there are younger children playing
p What is there to say...I bought it NEW, not open, not damaged, brand new in perfect condition sent in a box with good padding.
p Game was in perfect condition. Thank you so much for such a great purchase! We have played it many times.
p Great game campaign a little short but held your attention throughout. Extinction is awesome holds up to The zombies I have seen so far
p Me and my dad share it I get Extinction he gets Multiplayer Extinction is really good I cool many things I cold do like shoot alien scum.
p That's what my brother says anyway. I don't play, but he's impressed with his new game. Apparently it's fairly difficult, because he normally beats a game in one week or less. This one, he's been playing for over a month and he's not bored yet.
p This game is bad a$$! dont listen to all these haters, its truly the next step in COD's gaming. I think its funny to hear all these cry babies complaining about the game. Its true to its COD nature, and is better then before. Xbox 1 is also bad a$$!
p This is the best game that I have purchased, a great deal of fun and quite the time killer... very addicting!!
p this game rocks cocks the best COD yet would recommend to any one who like shooters or war games or a new to shooter gmmer
p Second purchase. One for the older son and on for the younger son. They love it. Oldest moved out so no more sharing games.
p I would recommend this game to others. My daughter is constantly playing this with her friends online. The graphics and sound is great
p My son loves the game it was exactly what he expected, and he plays it all the time. It took longer to get here then expected, but it was ok.
p Another great action video game. Played through in three sittings. Love these war games with lots of shooting and action.
p This game definitely gets its fair share of use in this house. Awesome game!!!!! Awesome maps!!!! All the boys play it.
p This game is a must-play. one of the greatest games I've played in years. gvhy f h f h df
p I got this for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift and he loves it! It's the real deal and I would recommend for anyone.
p We got this as a Christmas Present for our son and he just loves the game. It was delivered quickly and my son plays it every chance he gets.
p Loved the game it was a good cod game i would really recommend.If u buy enjoy it. Must have game
p I ordered this as a Christmas gift for my son, it arrived Christmas Eve as stated in perfect condition. He absolutely loved it!
p This is by far the best COD yet!! Purchased mainly for multiplayer online. Campaign is very cool too, good story line
p I purchased this for a family member, who was very happy to receive it and has enjoyed it very much. He beat it in good time. God Bless You All. Great packaging, received in great condition, with another item in the box.
p I wouldn't be able to say much except that my son is happy with the game. It was shipped in a timely manner and it was a great Christmas present!
p This product does what it was made for great . Keep me pleased and happy to have it. If some one plan to get this product it great and works , your hard earn money will not go down the drain.
p He says it's Fantastic! I'll take his word for it as these types of games are way over my head!! In fact 2 grandsons ended up with this one, so it must have been on a lot of young men's Christmas lists!! Seems to be quite popular...
p I ordered this for my grandsons so how do I know if it's a good game? I know because my daughter put the tv on a timer since they got the game!!
p This was a 30th bday present to my boyfriend. Thank you so much! He loves it and is actually playing it right now. He beat the game in 2 days.
p Really love the new extinction aspect of the game; new features, new weapons. Really really really really really like the game!
p Great game and came in 3 days it also comes with free fall map awsome game really recommend this .
p Yes it did satisfied my expectation i really like the game and i loved that it got to me shortly
p it was exactly what i thought it to be and exactly what was described in the description for the CD game
p I really enjoy this game. Much more than BO2. Graphics and online maps are fascinating, and I love the new infected mode. Campaign was good as usual.
p Amazing game! Definitely recommend,it is very addicting to play! Paid a really good price for it through amazon as well,cheaper than in the store!
p This is the best game ever.I love the graphics. The story mode is awesome. The new guns are very good.
p My older grandson really enjoyed this game. He plays it with his dad. I looked around for the game, at the best price and was able to purchase it from here!
p Grand son loves his Christmas gift and plays with it all the time. I ordered it late, but it made it in timeso thanks.
p Awesome game and my son could not be happier and this product has some rating issues but is no where near as bad as some games.
p My youngest received a copy as a Birthday gift and I decided to buy this copy for my eldest so he and my youngest could play together. It's all I hear when they hibernate in their rooms.
p I was worried that this game would disappoint severely considering the series has slowly been making a downward spiral. I didn't bother following the game's production and never even bothered watching any trailers, but I got it for my dad for Christmas and decided I might as well give it a shot. I am very glad I did. The campaign is creative, a new storyline, new characters, and all pulled off very well. It utilizes cool technologies like remote sniper rifles (which was particularly fun to use), the turret of an A-10 Warthog, and even controlling the canine companion Riley with a camera on his back. Multiplayer is fun, the new mode Extinction is unique in the best way conceivable, and Squads is a fun twist on Survival. All in all, very worth the money and it raises my hopes for the future of the Call of Duty games.
p My grandson asked for this for Christmas and I was delighted when it showed up as described, and in good time.Thanks!
p I think they did a great job with the map design. The leveling system is a little confusing at first but then becomes really fun because of the seemingly endless configuration options for your characters and weapons. Still struggles with spawning you on top of the enemy, but whatever, I'm addicted anyway.
p I don't play online but campaign is great and doesn't freeze up or boot out unlike some other games. Next
p THIS WAS ACTUALLY A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY HUSBAND AND SON. THEY BOTH LOVE THE MULTI PLAYER ONLINE GAMING OPTION.
p the graphics on this game is amazing.He can't wait for the rest of the CALL OF DUTY FRANCHISE !AWASOME
p Got it for my son for Christmas! He says it's just as addicting as his other Call of Duty games. Challenging and fun!
p Christmas present. Don't really know much about video games, but husband seems to enjoy sitting and playing it on a day off. He is glad that I got it.
p Good item its come with everything that i want and also with another thing that i never throught that will came in the game
p kids love it !!!!!!!a great game I feel you u need give time outs in this game at some point. if u have live with this game montor what there saying we need more girl game I think!!!!
p I am enjoying the time I get to play this game..wish I had more time to spend playing the game
p My teenage grandson asked for this game. He had played it before. It looks scary to me. Well, duh! It's a ghost game. It's supposed to be scary, I suppose. X Box games from what I have seen, look amazingly real and make you feel like you are really in the middle of the action. My son and grandchildren think there is nothing like them. They want every one that comes out. Since I am not a gamer, I can't speak from experience; I can only report what they tell me and since they had a fee snow days after Christmas break and didn't have school, my grandson didn't have time to eat or sleep. He had to play this game. I don't get it, but other gamers do, I guess.
p My son wanted this game, he plays all the Call of Duty games so I preordered this one. the graphics are great, online is fun. Call of Duty Ghosts does not disappoint and I recommend it..
p Kids loved it. action is the word and keeps them occupied killing cyper foes endlessly. This kid I am talking about is 25.
p This is one of the games my fiance wanted for christmas which he got and he loves it. (: (:
p Bought this as a gift and all I know is that my Grandson was super happy with this gift.Happy shopper.
p My husband loves his Xbox and he had been wanting this game. I shopped around and most places were sold out, found it here for much less and was able to get it in time for Christmas. He has enjoyed hours of play and I am sure he will have plenty more.
p I have been buying my Dad all the Call of Duty games. He really likes war shoot-em up games and this one has great graphics.
p This was Christmas gift for my son and we received it on time and it was in good condition. No issues with this purchase.
p My son spent much of the week between Christmas and New Years enjoying this game - it really kept his attention, and since he was able to basically finish all of it, I know he is hoping for the next installment whenever it comes out! Good graphics, very fun inteaction capabilities.
p I love Call of Duty; I've max-prestiged myself on every installment possible and usually obtain a Kill/Death Ratio of 2.5-4.0 (I know nobody cares but I'm just setting the scene for my subsequent critiques). I typically use assault rifles, I tend not to camp.
p It is great. You just have to play it to see. Lots of new guns perks and playable people. Great.
p Apparently, it's a really good game. I haven't seen much of my husband since Christmas!He said he loves it.
p Great game took me some time to adjust to it but I swear great deal try it great game great price
p The game was for my grandson, he was very happy with it. I was surprised how fast it came. Very happy with amazon.
p excellent game. the kids love the graphics and havent had much interest in other games. I recommend this game. good purchase.
n Dont expect anything new..,they removed search and destroy but ill bet they will charge u to get that mode in the near future
n Just like the overhyped black ops 2 I learned my lesson. This can't be much differ from it lawl ah aha
n It beckoned me to play this game.So I poped the disc in. And turned it on.My fingers started to ache.My eyes started to water.My head started to throb....And my stomach churned and I felt yesterday's nachos are gushing to my throat.I looked to the side... the case is green.It was the XBOX 360 version!!!!
n Had no idea they were taking out round war for current gen consoles. So pissed, as it was the main game mode i played. Will never be buying another COD (I own all of them). Such a waste of money and I'm fed up with the whole series at this point. Thanks for not letting the consumers know of massive online changes.
n I have never owned a Call of Duty game before but the reveals and trailers for this year's CoD looked so incredible I decided it was time to get into the series. I made a foolish assumption from the trailer that it would have a good story and better gameplay than just run around and shoot things. Unfortunately the game is simply hollow story and repetitive gameplay. Even the multiplayer, which I expected to be high quality, was just mindless shooting with no strategy or depth. I'm genuinely disappointed by this game and think this has probably ruined the series for me. I wish I had picked a better introduction into the series because I really wanted to like it. This was as even more disappointing an introduction to a series than Assassins Creed 3 was for me last year. I'm not trying to hate on the series just giving my honest opinion.
n my coworker bought this and now he is grumpy he took the day off yesterday to play and he is in a bad mood today...
n Bad graphics, gameplay, and horrible maps. Selling this game ASAP! Please don't waste your money buying this game, rent it first.
n By far the worse cod ive played, thus far my friend was able to return his game and now I cant even sell this one for half the price because my friend wanted to see it first. Big mistake, he politely declined. So now I have a $60 beer coaster waiting to get traded in for store credit.Graphics are terribleGameplay is slowMaps too big with too much going onSingle player no idea and will never know.
n Pretty self explanatory, this franchise is dead, the developers are lazy and are essentially reskinning the same models and the same mess and making you buy it every year. There's nothing new here folks its the same game, save yourself 60 bucks and buy something..anything but this.
n This game is damaging people brains. Stop playing and start living life is what one can conclude after the hype is striped away and you see this game is about war and mass murder as sport.
n I'm a big fan of the Call of Duty franchise. I've enjoyed the multiplayer from Call of Duty 2 onward. Call of Duty 4, and the two Black Ops games have been my favorite online multiplayer games of the series.I enjoyed Modern Warfare 3, but thought it was by no means as good as Black Ops, and Black Ops II solidly beat it as far as gameplay, graphics, realism, etc.So far, my short multiplayer experience has been utterly disappointing. I wish I could return this lousy game. I will not pre-order another Infinity Ward COD.
n Do not buy this game. You will be very disappointed. The graphics are terrible. I do not understand why Activision allows Infinity Ward to put out such trash. The graphics look like they are 10 years old. Black Ops 1 and 2 are leaps ahead of this game. Again, do not waste your money. Infinity Ward could learn something from Treyarch!
n This game is complete garbage and a desperate cry for help. Do not waste your time. The last good COD game made was MW2 and since then, they haven't been able to get the formula right. Save your money for BF4 on Xone or PS4. RIP COD.
n Im sorry to everyone that believed my review on this game this game was and is absolute bull s*** and i am now crying in the corner wondering if i should get advanced warfare and risk deep depression and mourn the loss of my 60$.
n the worst game ive ever played in my whole entire life. this game made me throw up.you die in 2 bullets which gets really annoying.id rather eat s*** then play this game. nobody buy this game or you will begin to have suicidal thoughts. im thinking about killing myself right now after playing this game. id rather give head then play domination on stonehaven. im done now im writing my will and buying a pistol
n I can' stand cod, please stop making these games please. Anyone who who knows a good game would know that this is a terrible game.
n Game will not load ....same problem seen across the country..many complaints in forums and xbox communities . Message is "saved device lost"
n this game was purchased for Christmas gift to my grandson, therefore I won't be able to rate it until after he has received it.After Christmas I will gladly give you my opinion.
n Yup that's right folks, if you bought this game, you paid a group of wealthy programmers to do almost nothing. Way to go. This is the kind of weak programming and gaming that is messing up games in general. Stop buying games that don't promote effort in programming please!!!!Get a game that actually took time, effort, innovation, skill, work, worry etc to produce... Battlefield 4 is so much more of a game.This is basically similar to BF 4 minus vehicles.really? Another run and gun - charge me full price please - not!CoD you are so dead to me.
n Before i start giving this game s*** let me say this the campaign looks great and is slightly compelling.We as cod players know we play for the multiplayer and let me say this game by far troops them all with having the worst multiplayer i have ever played. The game is clearly trying to appeal to noobs adding easy to kill weapons and too many perks this game has no option for the veteran cod player. The kill streaks are nearly impossible to get due to the extremely fast deaths and when you get them there is no reward. Even the uav type kill streak sucks!It is full of campers and 9 year old kids using the msbs (a super op gun, kind of like the noobtoob from mw2 except it kills faster!).Now let me get to the point I'm trying to get across. I was downstairs playing ghosts on the xbox, it was a saturday and all my friends were out of town. I called my dog downstairs to keep me company and she did. Nearly 2 games in besides me being extremely bored and upset with the development team and their ignorance towards our comments, I look over to see my dogs eyes have exploded out of their sockets! I was freaking out and went upstairs to get something to clean up the mess and fix my dog up, but stupidly I left my soldier afk in cranked, which sucks as well. I come downstairs to see my dog floating upside down chanting things that they say in ghosts! i had no idea what to do so i just let her be and started playing battlefield 4. Just minutes later my dog was back to normal sitting by my side watching me play another game dedicated to the new gamer.
n nothing new to see here. they got a dog. battlefield is in the noticeable lead for a reason. give it up call of duty fans, and make the switch to BF4. This game sucks.
n brand new. doesnt work. disk unreadable when you try to play online. stay away from the disk. download it instead
n I am a fellow gamer who also makes YouTube videos about this game and the next year is going to be extremely rough. The game has terrible colors which make your eyes water shortly after looking at them for a period of time (20-30 Minutes) and once you are shot you might as well get ready to respawn because there is no way you will survive. The map sizes in multiplayer are the size of battlefield and the spawns are terrible. Overall this is the worst Call of Duty game I have ever played.
n Just pulled my Ghost and put in Black Ops -- anyone want to buy this POS game.? I have nothing to add.
n This game is horrible. Way too much lag. So much they don't even allow you to monitor it. Constantly messes up. Not at all happy with as much as they hyped this game. It may be good for the X box 1 but for the 360 they cut every corner and put out a big pile of crap! I always liked X box but they lost a customer when it's time to buy a new system later this year. We and my friends will be switching to playstation 4.
n Was hoping this game would be more. The campaign was ok except very short which makes its almost pointless. The multi-player has so many issues its almost a joke. The spawn logic, even after the recent updates, will 9 times out of 10 spawn you next to or in front of the enemy. The weapons are unimaginative and old. The game play is aged and boring. The game only registers hits and kills when it feels like despite 25 mb/s download and 15 mb/s upload. Black ops 2 was horrible but will go back to playing it rather than this junk. Will never understand how game critics rated the game so highly. Will be trading in for any other game i can get.
n This game is horrible I wish I could get my money backThese graphics also suck I wish I had never bought this game I guess Iam buying battlefield 3
n it simply isnt up to par with the franchise. waste of money. zombies is what i look forward to in the COD series... but this game has no zombies, instead it is aliens you fight. So disappointing.
n Why are people so mad and disappointed about this new COD? You guys should have learned already that COD died after COD4, PERIOD!!! There is really no point of expressing hate towards COD anymore as everyone knows (or at least should) know that the game developers main goal is the money. Every single year you guys have the same hype over a re-skin same engine same graphics same game play. Yea of course some might argue we have new weapons,maps etc, you payed $60 for something than can be done in less then couple of months?
n WORST CALL OF DUTY GAME EVER! Its lag as hell, the guns suck, people kill me with 3 bullets 3 miles away! I hate it!
n This, by far the worse COD multiplayer maps.... Graphics and players seems to blend in with each other... I have a 72 inch T.V and still have a hard time searching for opponent due to blending..... One bullet from a handgun can kill you from across the map. After playing for 2 hours, I will be re-selling this COD. It seems that this game was developed in India (if you know what I mean). An epic FAIL.... Save your money!
n A step BACK. COD 3 all over again. Graphics multiplayer is so old. Players names huge above there heads. Gameplay is as good as COD 3. Lost on this one. Black opts 2 is the bomb. Ghost a dud.
n did not receive the right game i did not want black ops i wanted call of duty ghost i receive wrong game
n There is so much "$1.99 to play as Dingleberry Jones" I feel like I am in a shopping site instead of a video game. The next game I expect things like "Enable your controller's B button, just $2.99 for a limited time!" Did I buy a game or a shopping experience? Must be some real DBs in charge to want to nickel-and-dime kids this way. This is the last one for me.
n i bought this game used, seller claimed "like new". the game arrived in original game case, manuals and all included. however, i immediately noticed the 2nd disc was missing. Without the second disc, all single player is out of the question as it needed to be downloaded from disc 2. i found this frustrating, but not such a big deal as single player was not the interest for me. unfortunately, after playing multiplayer for about 20 minutes, the game stopped running and gave me an error message saying disc unreadable. i investigated the disc thinking there may be smudge on the disc. i found a lot of smudging and mystery stains on the discs and lots of scratching. i am very disappointed from this seller for claiming that the product was "like new" when really it is "trash".
n worst cod , game is simply horrible ...maps , guns , gameplay , graphics , done with cod games ! samething over and over again , plus each new one that comes out is worse than previous SAVE YOUR MONEY AND SKIP THIS ONE oh forgot to mansion game LAGGS
n Do not buy this if you plan on playing it on the Xbox 360 or Ps3. I'm hearing horrible things about the PC version as well. This game was made for the next gen consoles, the maps are way to large for the 6 v 6 that's used on the current gen consoles. The whole game has a gray overtone to it which makes it very difficult to see anything at all really. As well as the graphics being a huge step back from Black Ops II surprisingly. Do not buy this game, you will be extremely disappointed and feel as if you were ripped off.
n multi-player and graphic suck. best to wait it out til the next COD comes out. it`s not worth it. aight
n I would give this no stars, but Amazon does not allow it, so one it is. This game feels like a Call Of Duty expansion pack and I think the glory days are behind them in this series. I don't even know where to begin, it is so bad. I am not going to waste my time writing an all out review because most will want to see for themselves, but you have to be a huge fan boy to appreciate this one, I should of known better after playing the awful Black Ops 2.
n What can I say, same s*** different day basically. Luckily I rented it and beat it the same night. Nothing new, nothing different, just the same ham fisted story and run and gun action. Lame story, lame game, I am tired of the same crap every year. Now I know people-I mean COD fanboys-I mean immature kids will not agree with this review but whatever, game sucks.
n The Call of Duty franchise has been going down for the past few years. I vowed I wouldn't buy the next piece of garbage they put out. Thanks for proving me right! It's the same with the football games. Do you really think they were going to put out a good game months before xbox 1 came out? Not on your life! And the xbox one is basically xbox 360 with a blu ray and kinex. Well I'll keep playing the 360, old Gears of War and old COD.My advice is not to buy the xbox 1. You'll regret that also.
n I must say I didn't have high hopes for COD Ghosts but even my lowered expectations were not met. Don't get me wrong the game is fun but it is extremely frustrating as the title "Ghosts" really sums up the games. Why would I say this? Simply put players just blend into the background and thus is a sniper's / campers paradise when you combine it with the multiple elevations in the very large maps. Many people are complaining about the random spawn system and this is not something I'm going to complain about as it does stop the spawn traps which are so rampant in previous versions of COD, but does suck when you spawn right in front of someone who's on a massive kill streak.So the clan options are pretty cool but for the average single gamer who doesn't play 15+ hours a day this game is horribly unbalanced and yet again does not reward those who actually play the game vs worrying about K/D ratio's. If your playing Kill Confirmed or anything which is NOT Team Deathmatch giving huge score bonuses for those who actually collect tags, plant bombs, capture points, or actually "Play the game to win" would greatly help this game. All the statistics and gamer profiles has caused many players to stop playing to win but instead playing to have the best stats among their friends. It seems as ATVI continues to add every metric in the world to the player profile the actual gameplay continues to go further south. Back in MW1 before they took every stat in the world and published it to the world people actually played domination to win not to improve stats. The number of times I have been on teams where you hear people yelling for support help and the teammates reply with "I don't care if I win just about my K/D" is pathetic. People with 2.9:1 K/D ratios and .46 win ratios make me sick.Boosting is again yet another problem which was not addressed. This seems like it could be fixed very quickly if ATVI would just care to do address it. Simple programming "IF" statement would work. "If player 1 lays tac insertion and is killed by player 2 multiple times within 60 seconds kick both players out and put on probation for 15 min." Very sad something so simple continues to not be addressed. Not to mention the multiple glitches and exploits already found in the first 24 hours of gameplay.Very disappointed.
n Campaign totally doesn't flow. But multiplayer is pretty good. Do not waste your money on this carp. It really sucks.
n just dont buy. It is a bad repeat of blops 2. Dont give activision more support for making bad games
n Got the game in the mail out it in the Xbox and the game wouldn't play or load waste of $20
n My little brother began playing this game for 2 days and then the message "disk unreadable" occurred, now being my little brother I assumed he or one of his friends moved the xbox while the disk was inside and playing so it created the "Disk ring of death" many of us gamers know about Now I checked the disk and there is no definitive ring I really need a response.. or that was money i'll never get back.. :\
n self explanatory. I dont think i need to go on about this. This is just plain ridiculous. be more professional.
n I was very disappointed to find that my disc was unreadable and therefore unplayable. I had pre-ordered the game and received it a few days after the date of the debut, upon playing the game for merely an hour I was alerted with an unreadable disc error. After multiple repetitions of cleaning my disc, cleaning the xbox, and resetting the xbox I still received the same unreadable disc error.
n If you like terrible spawns, lag, god awful hit detection, quickscoping, maps that are too big for just 6v6, cowards that sit in the corner, less game modes (No Hq, Hardpoint, Ground War, SnD, Sabotage, Demo, only 3 hardcore modes), getting shot in the back every 15 seconds, and just chilling with the other cancers of gaming, then THIS is your game. Be sure to lube up real nice right before handing the cashier your 60 dollars.
n How do I put this. I took a break with this garbage series after...hell I dont even remember there are so many call of duties. Anyways, I went ahead and bought call of duty ghosts to check it out I don't know if its just this game or the series as a whole but it is absolute garbage. The entire thing. Let me sum it up..Call of Duty Ghosts is Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible
n Nothing else to say except it's the same trash again. Black Ops 2 is light years better than this turd. A huge disappointment and a slap in the face to the gaming community.Maps are too damn big, you will be shot in the back more times than you ever thought possible. Single player is a joke as usual and the multiplayer is the worst in the series.
n I have been playing Ghosts since launch last night and I have only one thing to say, this is by far the worst Call of Duty by far. Let me start of by explaining why. For starters this game shares pretty much the same Unreal engine of Gears of War, it's not an engine that belongs in the Call of Duty franchise. This game plays like Gears and looks like Halo, and thus I have aptly named it Gears of Halo. The cluttered feel of the engine during online game play leads to feelings of I've already played this, and repetitive homogenized gameplay. From the very opening scene of the single player campaign I felt my heart sinking as it reminded me of Call of Duty Black Ops. On further progression through the single player campaign I couldn't help but notice the further homogenized game play, as I was asking myself what am I fighting for, freedom, existence or daddy? It's the same question I asked myself while playing Half Life Episode 2, which Ghosts also reminds me of, Riley is just a weaker flesh and bone equivalent of Dog.Despite its looks this game is un-climatic. Even the second scene of the single player campaign where a United States space station is taken over by the Federation after breaking a peace treaty, where the Federation turns the US laser defense system against itself to destroy a bunch of major US cites it still leaves you with the feeling that this game is uninspired, and lackluster. There is nothing to hook you on this game, aside from the fact you paid at least $59.99 retail and you want to get your monies worth. This game boosts poor character development, uninspired story line, garbage AI when it comes to the enemies, and drama you could care less about than the kardashians.Other consOnline players blend into surroundingsCore feels like hardcoreBad maps, poor graphics.
n No multiplayer.... this is not call of duty! Lags a lot... maybe its the console... no idea... buy the old black opss, much better..
n I love Call of Duty games I've max-prestiged on every one. This is the worst game I have played sance COD WOW........ so disappointed im selling it to my brother for $5. This game has nothing but campers being spawn killed and an over all frustration that can only come from gaming....... what on earth where they thinking.
n horrible game. worst call of duty ever made. the multiplayer seems as if it was made in a month. complete crap and way more frustrating than fun.
n This is the worst COD yet, i hate the game SO much all the drop shots, the health is super inconstant sometimes taking only 2 shots to taking 10, i was playing when i got spawn killed 7 times before living for over a second. Its BAAAD dont buy it save your money and get BF4 its WAAAAAAAAAAAY better then this peice of crap! I got it has a download so i cant even sell the peice of crap, SCEW YOU Infinity Ward go back to MW2.
n BLACK OPS 1&2 are way better than this piece of s*** game. I stop playing before I get high blood pressure LOL -_-t
n The insanely fast kill times in this game eliminates any skill gap that Call of Duty previously had. Now any random noob can get easy kills.
n The graphics some how seem to have gotten worse then the others. On top of just simply getting worse each year. Either stop making them or take a little more time and produce a decent game.
n This is my first review ever. I have been at the midnight release for this game since black ops 1. I am a huge fan of the call of duty series. That being said this game has dissapointed me to no end. The maps are huge!!! This is not battlefield 4, why are they so big? The lag is horrible, one shot will just about kill you. All the colors mesh together so you can't even see enemies. They're as small as a spec up in the window as they shoot you and you never see them. I am not a bad player but this game is just horrible. I'll stick with black ops 2. That's a game. I don't know what the hell ghosts is supposed to be other than a stress/headache catalyst. Save your money
n All the call of duty games are the same... it gets boring after the 8th or 9th game posted by this cheapskate developer. I rest my case
n My son got this for his birthday. He got it the day it came out. He just brought it to me and told me I could sell it. He does not like it. This is the first one he hasn't liked.
n I've been a huge fan of Infinity Ward's MW Series, but this is by far the biggest let down. Unlike other COD games, there is no 4 player co-op (something I enjoyed, playing with friends and family locally). The Squads version replaces the Spec Ops mode (it's basically multiplayer and serves no real added fun or gameplay). The A.I. is extremely difficult even on regular. Several times I fired at opponents only to have them turn around after hitting them and killing me. I'm done with COD until they can release a quality game.
n Worst COD to date, community is vile, save your money. Same thing every year. Same issues, and they don't care about their customers.
n This is the worst call of duty ever. I never will buy another call of duty game ever. Sucked for real
n I have play call of duty games and halo for the past 10 years and have to tell you this game sucks, because it's boring. Still have horrible server issues, crappy single player, and honestly I could go on but rent it before you buy. I just might be getting to old because my expectation might be getting to high, but shouldn't they be?
n Where do I start???Okay, kill one player, get killed, kill one player, get killed, kill one player, get killed.....Wait, I forgot....constantly spawning directing in front of enemy!!!Kill one player, get killed, kill one player, get killed......If I could reach out and slap the developers/programmers, it wouldn't be a gentle slap. It would be a 2-Slapperoni. It would be a slap so hard the second slap sound would be their hitting the ground so hard they wet their pants. $50.00 lost. It's a good thing you are not in slapping distance, wink-wink, kiss! Moving to Battlefield, oh wait, they suck worse! EA releases games before they are even completed. Let me give the clowns at Activision 1 star for at least having a finished product upon release.Worse COD to date!!! DO NOT BUY! Had to have a game upon release didn't you Activision?
n I got this for my son for Christmas. He opened it up and the install disc had a scratched ring around it and the game disc had smudges on it.
n Really terrible game. Do not even waste 40$ on this game. It will be worth 10$ in a couple months.
n This by far the worst game in the series. Infinity ward took a large step back with this game. The campaign is okay but a little short. The multiplayer maps are disorganized and hectic. The bullet physics are also way off. Stick with MW3.
n Graphics are subpar in all aspects - Game play is horrid - Campaign is choppy and ends in about an hour or so of play time - DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
n Did not receive this item. Shipper stated it was mailed and returned because it could not ship to me...That was a lie. I can get items and do from USPS. Cargo Largo said they refunded me, but I did not have a credit on my card. I have contacted the bank, and there has not been a credit as of this date 3/23/2014. The credit Cargo Largo said they refunded was without the shipping and handling. When and if I get my credit and I hope I do, I should be given the shipping and handling as well. I will never order from them again.
n I bought this game at gamestop so i thought that i come to amazing to give my review since i am on this site most of the time. First off the Maps, They are so big that they promote camping and getting shot at the back and it gets annoying. This game is so boring i almost fell asleep playing it, if i wanted a battlefield game i would buy it. But for some reason they thought it was cool to map the game like battlefield, but it backfired because the game feels broken, Its like a kids version of battlefield. So if you are 10 years old, you would love this game to death. But if you are a Man/Woman you will get annoyed and most likely hate yourself for buying it. Thanks for reading my review.
n I'd rather cover myself in hot tar, gouge out my eyes, stick infected needles all over my body, and light myself on fire then continue playing this game another minute. I will be returning ASAP.
n Die way too fast , the disk sucks when I got the game from my mail I put them and play and they ask me to put the 2nd disk and I did when I put the first disk in it say unreadable so I have to enject my disk like 10tmes until it read
n There's a lot to say about this game, but to some it all up, CoD Ghosts is no different from the past call of duties. Also there is lots of bs in this game and can cause excruciating migraines.
n Very upsetting. COD are the only games I play. Ghosts is an EPIC FAIL on every level. From the horrible cartoonish graphics to the guns sounding like airsoft toys. I did not even get a chance to experience the crappy spawns and other issues players have with the game as I played only one match then sold the game for 50.00.
n this game is literally the worst call of duty game i have ever played. i wish i spent 60 bucks on something else.
n To anyone who has not picked up Call of Duty Ghost yet, DON'T. If you like skill based games where your level of skill determines how well you will do in a multiplayer game avoid Ghost. It is a total money grab. Infinity Wards attempt to sell as many copies to the worst players in the world as they can, with not a single care as to the actual science behind first person shooters. WORST SPAWN POINTS EVER. If you die, & you will , prepare to spawn dead several times in a row before you even get to take two steps. This game is focused around camping in the hopes that you can get a kill or two before you get shot in the back. Find a dark corner & dig in, it is the only way you will ever get more than one or two kills in a row. If you step out or are spawned anywhere not in cover prepare to be shot to s*** from two or three different sides at once.
n MY DISK HAD NOTHING ON IT! At first I tried flipping the disk, then rotating it. After hours my windows code detector said there was nothing on the disk! I am getting a refund.
n This has been by far my least favorite COD game. It is a camper's paradise and most people will just sit in one place with the thermal scope. The design of the maps encourages this and it makes it far more boring than I'm used to. I've always been a faithful COD player but this one was a true disappointment. Black Ops II was a much better game.
n My friends kept on urging me to play this game since it is supposedly the best but I hate that game to the point I feel bad for my friends. Yes, I'm a fan of Halo but I tried not to compare these games because they are both different. I just felt like I am being held by my hand all throughout the ghosts whilst on Halo, I have missions to finish but I'm mostly on my own.I'm so sorry that I could not just like the game, I gave it 3 weeks of playing time and still hate it.
n These games are all the same. When is it going to be something different? These are just new Map packs to me.
n Please for the love of god don't give Infinity Ward any more of your hard earned money, this game should have cost 10$ for the quality of gameplay. Should be called Call of Duty camp your ass off because that is what everyone pretty much does in online.
n This is the worst COD game that's come out by far. I loved the games up till about Black Ops 2 (and even then there were some misses). The games have been in a free fall decline for years. This is it. I'm done with Call of Duty. The campaign is the most awful experience. It's not entertaining. Very poorly done. It feels like they just auto-generated random maps of city and forest and had bad guys random generate all over the place. There's no real rhyme or reason to the game. The online experience is severely lacking as well. None of the maps are remotely memorable, unlike Black Ops which was very fun. Don't waste your money on this game... unless you want to buy my copy, I've got to get this game off my hands before people catch on that it's so awful.
n this is by far the worst call of duty game ever.we all buy this game for the multiplayer so i wont even bother talking about the boring campaign.multiplayer in ghosts is horrible. u get killed so easily in this game they should call every mode hardcore. spawns are terrible... get killed from behind every 15 seconds. the kill streaks are boring and have taken a HUGE step back from previous Cods. maps are terrible, have yet to enjoy one map. i can rant on and on about this game. do not buy this.. trust me you will regret it.this game is so bad i sold it right away when the value is still somewhat high. i recommend you do the same if you purchased it
n Multiplayer: The worst yet. Absolute garbage, worse then BOI & BOII. The best COD games for me were the Modern Warfare ones but... I think I'll play those instead of this garbage. Die too fast, horrid spawning and camping as expected during every new release as usual didn't help matters.I'll NEVER buy a COD game again, and I have bought EVERY ONE up to date.With BF4 sucking, I was hoping this game would be better than what I expected and it wasn't.
n I have played several games so far and found that it is a big camp fest. This is a great game for all of the people that did not have the skill to play MW3, that would sit in one place and wait for you to run by.Some of the maps are huge and it takes forever to find somebody.If you like realistic game play, stick with MW3. If you have no skill then by all means this is the game for you.After all of the anticipation this was a huge let down. Way to go Infinity Ward. You spent alot of money developing a piece of crap game this time.
n Alright, this is coming from an unbiased Call of Duty player. I own MW2, MW3, BO2 and have rented BO1. All good to great games. I had good expectations for Ghosts but the multiplayer is a joke. The Maps are way too big. I had to keep looking around for awhile over and over then when I finally saw an enemy I get shot from the side or back. I spawned dozens of times and got shot from the back as well. You have no time to react to a gun fight so its almost inevitable that you will die 90 percent of the time. It's like playing hardcore even on standard. I'm returning this one tomorrow at least to recoup some of my losses on this one. Seriously, this is easily the worst COD game by far. I will never buy a COD game from Infinity Ward. I was disappointed with MW3 but it was still playable but this one is unplayable. Back to Black Ops 2, MW3, and MW2.
n Played but when ingame the game would stop working for both the storyline and co op, from the few scratches on the disk
n Most people have already said most of the lack luster that this games brings. In my opinion it is the worst release for a COD title, and offers very little that give the gamer a fun experience. Couple major issues. You want maps: spend the extra 40.00 on day 1, after buying this game for 59.99, that's just a slap in the face to anyone who bought the game day 1, especially on the Xbox One. Second the game modes are terrible, pretty much all death match. There's a few different ones but all the fun objection games like demo, capture the flag, or the best: team defender. Lastly and mainly why this game is hard to pay for long periods is the huge maps. Many games now go to time, rather that kills. Most of the time you just run around looking for anyone to shoot. Feels more like BF4 maps. If you have no bought this, do not, you will not be happy. The developers really need review the terrible reviews this game is getting and release FREE map pack and updated game modes.
n COD fan who thinks this is a horrible product. Going back to Black Ops 2 until the next one comes out.
n I chose to buy this game as a HUGE fan to the Modern Warfare series, and this is just a plain disappointment. The game just blows, there is such a boring selection of weapons and the story line is lame. I uninstalled it from my hard drive. At least it was only $40
n This game is awful. First off you have to download 3gb of something onto your hard drive and if you only have a 4gb Xbox don't even bother buying this game. The story starts off with you as an astronaut. I will give the story some credit because it's not terrible and there are some kind of cool parts including walking down a building and getting to play as Riley, a dog. This campaign, however is the same as all the others where you basically just follow someone and shoot everything. It is 10x worse than the Black Ops 2 campaign as Ghosts has no customization and the characters and overall story aren't nearly as good as Black Ops 2. The new extinction mode is an obvious attempt by infinity ward to rival treyarch's zombies mode. Extinction isn't very exciting or fun and is awful compared to zombies. Now that I'm done with the story and extinction mode onto multiplayer which as everyone expected, got worse. The guns are closer to Black Ops 2 than MW3, but the customization is too confusing. You have different soldiers and you level up with each one, prestige with each one, and use different classes with each one. This should be much simpler. The maps are bigger, but that doesn't make them better because the game modes in Ghosts aren't designed for these huge maps. The hunger maps are really just more boring and contain less detail. Battlefield 4 has good large maps while Ghosts just made them bigger and lower quality. In the last Infinity Ward COD MW3 everyone loved Dome and hated Outpost. Dome was tiny, outpost was huge. They are trying to change multiplayer, but they are changing the wrong aspects of it. The main game mode I looked forward to in Ghosts was infected. This gamemode is god awful. In MW3 it was fun with OP guns, but the infected got throwing knives. In Ghosts the infected stay the same, but it takes a lot longer to place down a tactical insertion. The survivors get one weapon: A crappy shotgun called the bull dog, along with an explosive and a smoke grenade. Besides infected, the whole ranking system is messed up. It takes forever to level up and it just isn't fun. This is extremely disappointing considering how the game is designed specifically for multiplayer. The story wasn't terrible, but who buys COD for the story? The multiplayer failed to impress most of us as usual and it would be much smarter to invest in a fun multiplayer and single player game such as GTA V or BioShock Infinite. If you want to play COD avoid Ghosts. Play Black Ops 2, MW3 or any COD other than Ghosts.
n Awful game is awfulworst CoD to dateand yes I am a CoD fanboyterrible maps are terriblegoing back to mw2
n Really did not like it at all, big let down. The graphics and the maps left a lot to be desired.
n Worst Call of Duty ever. The spawns are completely broken, weapons aren't balanced well, maps are over-sized, hit detection is appalling, NO dedicated servers, overpowered equipment, graphics are subpar, and you die like you're playing hardcore. The game honestly isn't fun anymore...they took out the great parts of the game and didn't add anything new and exciting.
n It's absolutely terrible.Cons:-Same guns from other CoD games, just with different names.-Duplicate gun models.-You have no idea when this takes place. Black Ops 2 took place after MW3, and you could play it to know. However, no futuristic weapons, and almost nothing passed down from Black Ops 2.-You'd think the most highly dangerous weapon made by the U.S wouldn't be trained on the U.S.-You'd think the most highly dangerous weapon on Earth would be fireproof.-Lack of originality.-Some of the physics make no sense in the campaign. (You have to play it to find out what I mean by this.)-I swear you can get at least eight achievements in the first five minutes playing it. Way too easy.-The multi-player maps are either too big, or way too small to play on.-Makes MW2 multi-player seem like it's classical.-Extinction mode.-Two discs. Why would you need campaign, and everything else on a different disc? What's the point?Pros:-Sliding is a bit better than dolphin diving.-You can create your own soldier.-Improved scoreboard.I honestly wish I didn't play it. I offered it to my brother, who is a avid CoD fanboy. (He's predigest on every game, has a +2.0 K/D, etc.) He shut his door on me! Offer it to any CoD fanboy, and they will turn it away! There's so many errors in this game, and you can see that in the first minutes playing it.That's exactly why it's so low in price. Buy GTA 5, or AC: Black Flag. Black Flag is probably better then this. I only bought this because I could get it shipped early than GTA 5 (Bought at another site). Will be getting BF.If you bought this game: Burn it. Don't play it. It'll be the biggest regret of your life. Go play BattleField, and if it's required for a clan: LEAVE IT.I would return it, but I don't want anybody else to bare the burden. I will make sure I burn this disc.(*These two discs. Yup, just like Mass Effect. Because CoD is that sophisticated.)This seems worse then what Treyarch can do. Obviously, Infinity Ward had different developers on this game. I don't think MW4 would be worse then this. Just end CoD. It was better while it lasted..
n Boring, not even close to the intensity and game experience of BO2, disappointment! I'll recommend to wait for Black ops 3.
n I remember playing call of duty 4 back in 2008... best game ever. Loved it, and I still do play it to this day. Today, we have call of duty ghost, same s*** different day. COME ON! We live in what's almost to be 2014! Where are there any improvements? The game has been running the same engine for the past 7 years.. that's just sad. At least Valve can pull off using the same engine and still manage to make it look like its new. This game is absolutely rubbish. Call of duty has died along with its cash grabbing market scam. Saying that I have played call of duty and have played the multiplayer, the maps are to big, and it plays the same. Not to go into too much more detail but I will pass on this and any future installments. Thank you IF & Activision for giving us COD4, but I refuse to even acknowledge this game as "call of duty"
n I was really excited about this game but when i started play it it was a little fun but after a week or so it just got boaring due to the boring maps that are too big and to old also the leveling up takes forever it takes like 10 games just to level up once and its so boring im just going return it and get gta v trust me dont get this game you r going to hate it.
n not good , worse and worse no hardcore capture the flag, keep your money there will be lots used really soon
n Ok, we all buy this game for multiplayer pretty much.. Boy, what a fail... Players blend into the huge maps boring colors making sitting and waiting the only way to play... spawn, run, die,... rinse repeat... Getting a trade in on this garbage...
n I have played COD from the very beginning and ive loved the game for many years mostly just playing online modes. This title however has taken a very large step backwards. Im sorry but if i wanted to play on a huge map with 30-60 seconds between seeing another player I would go and play Battlefield 4. The maps are entirely too large for this game, they have made a name for themselves for fast paced high action battles on smaller maps. Beyond that simple fact the actual game play is very nice and enjoyable. The weapons are very nice and diverse for many different play styles. All in all if you are looking for the classic COD online you have grown accustomed to sadly you will not find it here. As a side note there has been a huge uproar about this so hopefully Infinity Ward will release smaller maps on one of there DLC.
n Its just no good, they made this the worst game ever, they need to fix it or im out! Pleaseeee
n This game does not deserve $60, it really is an addition to MW3 and Black Ops2. I was lucky by renting first and I'm here just to offer advice on the multiplayer segment as that's all I play.Pros: Weapons, perks, attachments, skins,etc are based on a token style unlock system which is not bad and pretty fair to obtain what you want.Levels decent size and offer some what creative environments and even offers some in game changing events (pun off battlefield) but both games like to steal from each other so what the hey.Game modes: what you're used to seeing except search and destroy but there is this mode called crank which offers fast paced hilariousness.Perks are pretty much the same with minor twists like a knife maniac which gives you armor, lightweight and a knife (Greeeaaaat), and I personally like the companion k9 (Rin Tin gets the job done!)LMAO.Cons: Lag compensation still EVIDENT...very much aliveCollector's edition should come with marshmallows and chocolate because you are going to enjoy the CAMPERS (no you're not...actually and naturally, you will go hulk mode and rageMute system- correct me if I'm wrong but in order to mute you press start and select mute all or mute everyone except squad members. Well what if I don't want to mute everyone, but that annoying person vacuuming, brushing their teeth, flushing the toilet and the crying baby? Again I could be wrong there so do not bash meI played COD: Ghosts on the Xbox 360 and I will say this... this is the same game we have come to play since the downfall of Infinity Ward and Treyarch. I really believe they have been jointly putting out garbage together after Black Ops 1. I was a fan of the first MW and I liked MW2 and Bops1 was decent; MW3, Bops2 and now Ghosts are the prime examples why you should not preorder from this company unless you are a fanboy. I did not say this game is not enjoyable or you can't find some fun, but it is not worth full price. I would suggest catching this on sale or from someone selling it at a steal.I am glad I did not purchase this game full retail as it should be buried and left in the time capsule with this generation's systems.Hope I helped
n sent me a broken copy of ghost
n Hands down one of the worst shooters..Not just COD Game..One of the WORST SHOOTERS I have ever played. There is nothing good about this game. The campaign is the same old generic waste as all the others. The multi player? The Maps look like water colored neon paint, too large for 6 v 6 and bullets basically are 2 hit kills no matter which one you choose, (which leads to the worst camping I've ever seen) what not to mention unless they are right in front of you then you will have no idea where the enemy is CAUSE YOU CAN'T SEE THROUGH ALL THE AMAZING COLORS that drown everything out with a nice grayish tint of wth am I looking at :D!! No gun skill involved what so ever . Spawns are the worst I've ever seen in a COD and that is saying ALOT! Whether you do well in a match or get destroyed one thing is guaranteed....You will be bored out of your mind. Assault streaks are so bad I don't even know why they are in the game. Do your self a favor. Go spend your money elsewhere.
n Simply awful and totally disappointing coming from a big fan. It's Black Ops on crack, no real chance for kill streaks and if you actually do, the weapons suck. This game is literally meant to run around, get shot from all angles and run around some more (the spawns are even meant to keep it random allowing no real strategy).Bad to worst and jumped the shark,never again.
n I'm not a CoD basher. Far from it. I've adored the series since I first played Finest Hour. But the series has grown tired. Especially when IW takes the helm.This may take the spot of worst CoD title away from CoD3. It is severely lacking in all aspects. The campaign is just running through the motions at this point. Multiplayer is where it falls extremely flat. The map design is poor. Big and boring. I understand IW wanting to cater more to snipers, but it just feels unbalanced. During my playing, the spawn points seem to be better but still can cause problems. The graphics are about the same.I've always like the arcade style of CoD games. But this one feels too "arcadey." It's almost comical at some points.Treyarch has clearly stepped up their game and are now the team trying to move this series forward with innovation. IW has fallen hard since they lost half the team.Overall, skip this title. It is nothing but a disappointment.
n Finally a game that rewards campers, and people with horrible reaction time.. If you've been bad at other COD games, this is the game for you.. Crouch in a dark corner,and wait.. Eventually someone will walk by you.. I'll be selling my copy ASAP..
n I bought this strictly as a gift. While this game does have new guns, maps, and certain features, it still has the same horrible CoD community. From 'elite' gamers who play full-time and shun casual gamers, to cheaters who use aimbots and other dishonest ways of playing, this game could have been better if it wasn't for the community.
n Really dumb game! The game really sucks. No improvement over the previous version. It is now awaiting sale on Ebay!!!!
n Never buy a game from Basco, my grandson was looking forward to the game , when it got here the xbox 360 could not pick it up because it was so scratched.You could see the scratches on it. It did not have a divider between the discs.This was supposed to have been a new game.I can not return it because it has been opened. Money just wasted.
n Waste of time and money!! I would not recommend this game to anyone. Come on activision!! You can do better!
n Same maps it sucks a couple new things but nothing to get a excited over get battlefield 4 it's a way better game at this point
n EDIT-- I originally gave the game 2 stars, dropping to 1 STAR since Infinity Ward/Activision won't listen to its customers and bring back HARDCORE SEARCH & DESTROY. If they ever do, I'll up my rating.It's another good CoD game, but they removed my favorite game type-- HARDCORE SEARCH & DESTROY. Why they would make the decision to remove the second most popular hardcore mode is beyond me?! I'll bump my rating if and when Activision/Infinity Ward add it back. I have no desire to play the standard game types where people can take 5 bullets without dying. So lame.
n SOOO glad I rented this on Redbox first. My son and I were huge fans of COD black ops 2, putting in quite a few hours of gameplay. We really liked the well design maps, (except for a few expansion maps), the bright colors and frenetic action that they promoted. We had all of the expansion maps and a few of the camo packs. Sure, there was occasionally lag but that goes both ways. The pick 10 system was easy to use and understand, and the scorestreaks were a lot of fun.So I rented Ghosts with somewhat high expectations, due to all the hype. Didn't purchase it because I plan on buying an xbox one at some point. Really didn't impress me at all. Maps are poorly designed, snipers can camp. Players are somewhat difficult to see, so I often don't know where the fire is even coming from. The loadout system is CLUNKY!!! The most dissapointing part was how quickly you are killed. My son was running around with a pistol and was easily racking up scorestreaks. Pistols seem to have about the same power as a sniper rifle. I like to have a tactical layout with my controls so I can dropshot, but I am usually shot before I can even drop. And if i see another player before he sees me I know that I can instantly kill him without having to dropshot. Also, we noticed that it felt like we were "ice skating" around the maps. Ghosts doesn't have a nice, tight feel to it.Will wait for Treyarchs next offering.
n Ghosts is a huge step back for the COD franchise. I started playing COD with MW2 and this is the worst game. The graphic is horrible; it was better in MW2. The map sucks; it takes forever to run around the map and then you get shot from huge number of odd corners. The rank-up system sucks: Ghosts break up one perk into 5 different perks; is that an improvement? NOOOooooo! Unless you play day and night, you would be playing with a crappy weapon for some time. There are no pre-set loadouts you can try out for weapons and perks. So it will be no fun until you slowly accumulate your weapons and perks. Did I mentions it is slowest rank-up system of all the COD.Save your money and buy GTA V (I heard it's absolutely fantastic). Unless you want to buy my copy of Ghosts, then Ghosts is a great game.
n I was looking forward to this game, I didn't really like black ops 2, but at least they had better maps. This game is boring! Lame kill streaks lame maps and less weapons! Mw3 and mw2 and black ops 1 were the best in my opinion
n Literally the worst multiplayer experience I've ever had in all aspects. They've been selling us the same game for how many years with a different name, maps, and guns but still the same TERRIBLE gameplay, engine, spawning and countless other things. I'll never spend another penny on a COD game after this one. Huge fail, 100% unimpressed.
n i dropped my xbox live account because this game sucked so bad
n I got this for my son, and he is wishing to sell it/trade it in or whatever he can do. He has other COD games and says he prefers to play those instead. He uses them for online group play...
n I am a big call of duty fan, well i should say i was call of duty is going down hill. Infinity ward needs to get there act together nothing but hackers can't shoot anyone i had a win ratio with in a week of 1.30 now it has drop rapidly from hackers to air shooting listing to many gamer's complain about the same thing and also staring in every game is scored at 65-15 or something to that affect. It is really sad to waste my money on something that you hope would be great and spawning just everything in that game and you cant even play most of the other cods with out hacks or mods a big down fall out all the way...
n Lack of creativity and fresh gameplay. Please put this and Battlefield games in the pandora's box to rest in peace.
n It is the same game re-done over and over again since they got rid of the current Respawn Entertainment team who created MW2. The maps are just big circles that players just run around the edges of the maps to spawn kill. They take 1 step forward in graphics and about 10 steps backwards in maps, game play and weapons. The spawn points were supposedly fixed, but are still not very good. It was an achievement to not have someone from the opposing team spawn 10 feet behind you or in front of you 5 times in one game. I will not purchase another Call of Duty game until they prove they can make a good game. Black ops 1 & 2, MW3 and now this.
n Didnt have a disk case and also it disks had cracks in them the main game already snapped inside my system
n Save your money, unless you're one of those people who love to play a game where you just sit still cowering in a bush waiting for people to pass. This game was made to enhance campers ability to ruin a war game
n After not playing call of duty for a while, I decided to pick up cod ghosts. I expected a quick run and gun game which I could play when I didn't feel like playing BF4. Unfourtunately, these are the things that occur each roundGet shot in the backGet shot by a guy in the cornerGet shot by a sniper I don't see half way across the mapGet shot once and die after shooting someone three timesGet shot instantly after spawningGet blown up by ALL THE IEDs.And finally: Start, up, a, up, a
n Call of Duty Ghosts is a nightmare of hackers who like to stomp on ants and pull the wings off flies. Go ahead and buy it for the first player part but multiplayer? Forget about it, unless you're a cheater too.
n Online is all I play and let me tell you it just sucks.... Maps are to big, connection is terrible, and they gave it the right title cause the camping on these huge maps sucks.... There is no suck thing as having fun anymore they changed the game completely. MAKE SURE IF YOU DO GET THIS GAME: You need to sit in the nearest corner you find OHHHHH and remember to crouch walk to it because EVERYONE is listening to you (even if they have a mono stereo set they will hear you and find you from across the map), then once you get to that corner aim down your sights for 10 minutes and hope someone like me runs across your screen because there trying to play productively and have fun but no. Mow them down and get your fancy 1-0 KD. Needless to say, COD is nothing but down hill from here. I'm extremely upset as you can probably see. EEEHHHHHH just dont buy it at all, please. I wish I could sit down and talk to you before you hit that buy button. JUST PLEASE DONT GET THE GAME!!!
n Good thing I rented this game. I played through the campaign and put about 7 hours into the multiplayer before returning it. Here are my thoughts:1) Respawn Points - This has been an issue for nearly 4 games now, and the developer just doesn't care. You will spawn next to an enemy a countless amount of times, which can lead to 3 to 4 to 5 consecutive deaths in a row without you moving an inch. This is especially problematic in bigger team battles and free for all game modes. It becomes very frustrating for the gamer to enjoy the experience when the game is systematically so flawed.2) Overpowered Weapons Class - The shotguns are just silly, and have been for a few games now. It takes away from the skill of past entries when you can run around with rapid fire over powered shotguns. Their range is about as equal to the sub-machine gun glass and once they are perked up, they are pretty much unstoppable. The sniping/no-scope/quick shots of the sniper class are also still overpowered, although not nearly as bad as the last few installments.3) Terrible Map Design - One of the biggest disappointments is the multiplayer map design, which feels like the B-sides of the last 4-5 games, all lumped into Ghosts. This is especially apparent in team death-matches, where most of the games you find yourself clumped into large boxed spaces.4) Graphics Engine - This game looks no better than Call of Duty 4 that came out 7 years ago. Textures look like crap.5) Obsession with KDR - This ruins team games, as often you will find teammates hiding in corners in an effort to up a pointless statistic instead of you know, having fun and playing as a team. I wish they did away with this stat, I think people would actually play the game to have fun.6) Terrible single player campaign - It is only a few hours long, and really a piss poor effort. If you don't care about the campaign, don't put it in the game.
n First off let me say that I NEVER write reviews for anything which tells you something already of what I think of this game. I have played the call of duty series from the beginning and have always been a fan, this game however, makes me want to think about abandoning this franchise and going over to play battlefield instead. The campaign mode is okay at best as it lacks any sort of real fun. Characters are not memorable at all, and the IA is terrible as my teammates on several occasions would run across my line of fire. The real fail is in the multiplayer mode. Although there are new game formats to play with the overall experience is terrible. The graphics appear to be a step down from other games, the guns appear to be almost cartoon like, the perk selection is confusing, the maps are much to large and promote camping and sniping. The amount of health seems to have decreased a lot, it pretty much comes down to whoever sees the other person first will get the kill. It is almost impossible to run around and shot as you will likely be picked off by a camper or a sniper. I live in Hawaii so many times my connection may vary, thus I depend a lot on signal strength meters to determine if i will stay in a game or not, they have done away with any type of signal strength meter and the only way I can tell if I will have a lousy connection is if I hear the other players speaking another language. I played this game straight for 4 days before I decided to sell it and go back to playing black ops 2.
n My son says this game sucks. He is addicted to an earlier version. This was a waste of money.
n How can anyone give this game a good review you people where robed of your money. You paid for a downgrade game. the maps are to big for a call of duty game. Call of duty should not even bother with the story line only a handful of people play it for that. I love camping but even I can't even enjoy it it's just that sad. I had to stop playing I felt my heart was going to give out because every time I die there was 99% chance of me spawning near the enemy or in there sights.
n When he got the game the main disk had a scratch not sellers fault was factory damage
n game is fun but disk quit working after 12 days. No scratches... just unreadable
n DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FROM RETRO GAMES 4 U!!!!!!! THE DISC WILL NOT PLAY!!!!!!!!
n The focus of this review is multiplayer. I'll get straight to the point...this is game is terrible!! The graphics are so weak that you often can barely see an enemy player. Because of this, the game is a camper and sniper paradise. For players looking for the action, you'll be constantly picked off by players who are more concerned about K/D ratio than the spirit of having a competitive game. Some other negatives: 1) The game is grossly unbalanced unlike other COD games. For those players who have no life and play all day, they will get all the "coins" needed to optimize their perks, weapons, etc. and slaughter the more casual gamer that doesn't play 15 hours a day. In other COD games, the severity of this unbalance was hardly present at all. 2) The perk system is complicated and you could spend an hour just trying to figure out how to customize your player. 3) Enemies spawn behind you in multiplayer. Yeah! That's fair! 4) I was hoping Infinity Ward would change some of the games coding to block cheats and mods but I immediately found rampant cheating on day one (In one game, some players were openly bragging about this fact.) An example: When a multiple game I was playing started, I ran into a building to view the field of play as I was not familiar with the map. An enemy player ran into the room and killed me with one shot from a pistol with a silencer. There is no way the player could have known I was there as he immediately jumped into the room and shot me (didn't stumble in and got a lucky shot). Another example of the red bot cheat! 5) Many of the guns in the assault weapons class had extremely poor accuracy, which made me feel like I was playing Battlefield instead of COD. Before long, because most of the maps in this game are so big, everyone is going to be using a sniper rifle because every other weapon is so weak.I could go on but you get the point! I feel like I wasted $60. I miss the fun of COD 4, Modern Warfare 2 and COD: Black Ops. When you first started to play those games, you grinned knowing you were playing a fun and competitively balanced game. COD: Ghosts will remind you of Modern Warfare 3...instant disappointment!Avoid this game! You'll save yourself some misery!
n This is the worst attempt at creating a video game I have ever seen sure it is pretty and the maps are better than previous games but the simple truth is the game SUCKS. If the objective was to be constantly have players spawn killed and or constantly get killed from behind by enemys that literally spawn behind you with you in you in their sites in multiplayer mode these mental giants have created a an absolute winner. the programmers no longer allow you to see the connection rate of the other players in the lobby and there is no way to verify your connection speed. Lag is constant issue weather on the xbox one or the xbox 360 and no matter the game mode.
n To start off the maps are way to big it takes me 5 minutes to get across the map on prison break and almost every other map and the killstreaks are just horrible the only killstreak I liked is the maniac but in BO2 there were tons of fun killstreaks you could use and lastly the lag, the lag is worst in Ghosts than it was in BO2 for example I will be looking at a guy about to shoot him and the other player will be looking at a wall shoot and I drop dead but in the killcam he's aming right at me but on my screen he's aiming at the wall and other bad things about the game just don't buy the game I am sticking with treyarch for now on.
n Yep, it's the worst call of duty ever created. There are big big big maps and the gamemodes don't work well with the maps.
n When Black Ops 2 came out I thought it couldn't get worse I was so wrong Black Ops 2 took Call of Duty games down to notch 5 on my chart this one took it to notch -1 you could pretty much say this game has basically killed Call of Duty for me and I will never buy one again. The amount of disgust I have in this game is to great to be explained I would say buy the game and find out but trust me don't buy this game just don't.
n Let me say a few things about how HORRIBLE this game is. First the maps are too big and when you play online multiplayer it takes forever to find someone and when you do they always kill you. The kill-streaks are dumb and boring. You die very easy with like 2 shots. Did i mention the maps are too freaking huge and are made for a game like Battlefield. The maps would be at least decent if we could play ground war on and we can't even play that unless we upgrade to next gen systems which is stupid and not fair. I have bought every call of duty game since cod 4 and I've liked them but this is the worst game of the year and has to be the most over hyped game for some time. Don't waste your money on this go get Black Ops 2 if you don't have it.
n The game style has completely changed and really favors the ever-so-hated campers, 2-3 bullets takes you out, and the re-spawns are horrendous. I can't even describe how disappointed I am with this game. Graphics are nicer than Black Ops II, but an overall HUGE letdown.I'll tell you this, they need to give the marketing guys a raise, but need to fire developers and leads of this game.
n This call of duty is not as good as they pumped it up to be. Spawning actually got worse, matchmaking in lobbies is still bad, welcome back superman knife kills, and now with bigger maps for more hardcore camping with ieds. They need to stop revamping everything in the game just fix what's broken and add new maps/guns with updates that's all. After an upsetting black ops2 and now ghosts cod just isn't what it was and without a good cod multi there is no point for me to have an Xbox.
n I had high hopes for this game. I enjoy playing multiplayer online so can't speak for the campaign, this review is completely based on the xbox live game play. That being said I just sold this game to someone else because I completely despise this game. If you like MW3 you will most likely like this game. If like me you are a big fan of the Black Ops COD games you will not like this game. Many of the leaps forward made in Black Ops II are not present in this game, and in all areas besides the graphics this game pails in comparison. I hated the individual characters as it seemed to take forever to level up and be able to buy new weapons and perks for your players. Check reviews for IGN and head their warnings about this game.
n I wish that I could give this game ZERO stars. Call of Duty has been on a slow decline for the last several releases, this one however takes the cake. Two year of development and this game looks as it was thrown together over a long weekend. This is dribble for the a masses. Do not waste your money on this game. These people know how bad their games is and laugh all the way to the bank. The reason for this..... We let them. Don't pay to be a slave to addictive game play.
n This game is only good when you are on the good end of the connection. They implemented the same nonsense from Black Ops 2. Because the entire community is a bunch of whiny sniveling children, they don't want anyone to "pub stomp", a term coined by the guys from Treyarch. This is a laughable concept given that anyone can squad up and they don't have dedicated servers. If your squad wins a game or two, take note, it punishes you and won't put anyone new in your lobby. When this happens you can either back out and search again, or just wait for an eternity. In either case it will merge you with with another lobby and you'll lose every gunfight. Why does this happen? Because matchmaking is based off winning and skill level and connection takes a back seat. So essentially if your party wins a few games you'll be punished by being matched against another group that is considered "at your level", and the connection will be terrible. I defended this game the first week it came out, saying the matchmaking would get better. Only to find, to my great disappointment, that the same petty childish capitulation to whining has been applied to matchmaking. Sticking to squads where the connection is at least reliable.
n One of the best features of COD is having three friends over and playing against each other locally. This feature is now gone. What a waste.
n This is by far! the worst cod I have ever played. I am an avid gamer and this COD is a step waay back. Horrible maps and gameplay. Laggy etc... I already traded this game in. I know all the fanboys will love this COD and defend it to the very end. I personally think BF 4 is 10X the game that ghosts is period. Don't waste your money!!!!
n There's no need to go into detail. This game sucks. Big time. Don't bother. Maps suck. Lag comp awful. Loadout is ridiculous. Guns are from Halo. Lame. Lame. Lame game. I, like many people, feel like I've been played as a sucker for buying this tripe. Did I mention it was lame?
n Shipping was very fast but the game... It's not bad but it's not the cod that I'm used to, I miss the old cod, this game is more like halo or battlefield.
n Not anything what I expected. I thought it was gonna be about ghosts not people who call themselves ghosts. Was expecting it to be like Ghostbusters or something. Call of duty really mislead me this time.
n COD game just blows....its been the same game the last 5 times its been out....bf4 urinates all over this, BF4 is clearly the best FPS out, really since BC2...
n This game is not what it was suspected to be. I should have known because of it being an infinity ward design.
n I'm not impressed at all. Game doesn't even work half the time. Says disc is unreadable every time I play. I'll never buy a game off the internet again.
n A sub par CoD that was lazily put together with no dedicated servers, horrendous spawns, and a poor attempt at delivering any sort of "fun-ness" to players. If InfinityWard had an anus, this would have been defecated from its bowels.
n I've been a COD fan since COD 2 when the 360 was released. It's pretty much the only online game I play and I always look forward to the next installment, especially from Infinity Ward. After a few days of playing Ghosts, I started questioning my purchase. The description says it raised the bar. The only thing this game has raised is my blood pressure. I've never been so frustrated playing COD in my life. I started looking online to see if others are having the same frustrations I had with this game and they were confirmed.>>>The maps are too large. I like a large map from time to time to get some good use of a sniper rifle, but there are way too many in Ghosts. Especially if there are only 4 on 4 or even 6 on 6.>>>Re-spawns are horrible. You would think since the maps are soo large you wouldn't spawn right in front of the enemy. Wrong. It's happened too many times to count.>>>The mini map in the start menu is gone (at least in Hardcore), so good luck finding out just where you are on the map or trying to locate where your buddies are. Yeah, you could use SAT COM (which is useless and a step down from UAV), but you need at least 3 of them before you get a full picture.>>>In my eyes, there is no benefit to leveling up. At least in the prior CODs, each level unlocked new equipment or perks which drove you to use and gain XP from. Also I like seeing what I unlocked at the end of a match. Now you just save up a few credits to buy the best gun on the list and probably never touch any of the others.>>>Camping. I hate campers. The idea of these games was to keep moving. Speed and Aggression Gentlemen, as the last COD mentions. The opening line for this one should be Quickly find a shady corner to sit in. Previous CODs seemed to limit campers, but it seems Ghosts welcomes it.>>>Hated the 3 Kill Streak classes and still do. Even the ew and improved perks are a bad design. Not to mention the fact there are way too many.>>>Lag. Lag. Lag.>>>I could go on, but it's not worth it.Infinity Ward removed soo many things that made this game fun and instead added too much junk. The game play is just not the same anymore. In my eyes they just wasted 12 months. And now we have to wait another 12 months for COD to come out which hopefully does not follow the same pitfalls this disaster of a game did. I'm a hardcore COD fan, but I will not play this game again. Back to MW3 and BO2.
n Two words. Campers delight. Everything about ghosts will make the camper squeal with joy. There are three colors in this game, gray, brown and green. You will find death comes from the unknown. Oh and submachine guns may as well be squirt guns.
n Call of duty ghost bad bad badmy friend had the game and let me have it for a week. ghost what can I say but thank god I didn't buy one. Just like all the reviews say there are a lot of problems. after I gave the game back he sold it for $35 and said he would never order other cod game.
n COD Ghosts has the same hackers, aimbots and modified controllers as MW3. Multiplayer is a joke. The hackers will have a 40-0 score and the honest players leave the game.I got caught in an endless loop while trying to play campaign mode. I repelled down a building, stabbed the enemy and was promptly shot. All the buttons on the controller are disabled after you stab the enemy so you repeatedly get shot and can not do anything.Squad mode is the only saving virtue of the game. You can play with real players in your squad and fight AI enemies. The AI enemy is very tough and adapt to your game play. Best of all you get XP points while playing squads.The graphics, sound and weapons layout is the same a Black OPS II.It is not worth $60.00
n I was looking forward to playing this game as Call of Duty is usually very entertaining. I loved Call of duty 3 modern war fare so I was expecting the same type of great graphics and game play on campaign and multi-player. Expecting to be able to just put the disc in and start playing was I guess to hopeful. I soon found out you not only had to down load an install disc but you had to have a Xbox live account. But not just an Xbox live account an Xbox gold live account which will cost you an extra 60 bucks on top of what you already paid, then I find out you have to have a cloud storage account to create extra space to store other games because your Xbox does not have enough space to install disc 2. So I do all this, move other things around, store info on cloud and then try to install disc 2. WTF. Still not enough space to install. So I do some research and find out, OH, wait you need a 3GB install to run Call of duty ghost campaign. GD. So how do I do this? Go buy an Xbox 360 flash drive. FU Xbox 360 U F@*King suck. Who ever came up with this is a complete "A" hole. I played your squad game and it completely sucks. The graphics are grade B at best. I've seen better stuff from the 80's. What happened to Infinity Ward? Is this the crap your coming out with now. Go back to how it was, because this stuff sucks. Seriously disappointed. This is the last call of duty I will be buying. Not that its going to effect your bottom line, but just so I don't get so damned irritated.
n This game, advertised as new, was ordered as a Christmas present for my teenaged son. The "brand new" disc was scratched all over and the XBox console pronounced it unreadable. I must say this is the first item I have purchased from Amazon that has been a flop and they have since refunded our money but I don't think we will be ordering any video games from Amazon in the future.
n When I saw the previews and game play I was super excited to play the game. However once I played the game I was super disappointed with the multiplayer.in ghosts I die waaay too quickly and the game is much more difficult to play and less encouraging.i personally am very disappointed with the latest Cod installment and feel I wasted $60.
n honestly call of duty? this is probably the biggest disappoint of the year. worst fps in the history of fps
n They should have played it safe and went with modern warfare 4 ghosts is absolutely garbage I sold it 2 days after I bought it
n The Xbox 360 game did not work. It could not be read by the Xbox. I will be returning the item.
n This game is terrible. There just making them as fast as they can so they can keep making money selling them.
n Don't even waste your money on this game. The maps are terrible, and you die in one or two bullets. They took the skill out of it by having such low health, wtf? Thats what hardcore is for, there is no gun battle anymore. The maps are terrible, the spawns are terrible, the guns are terrible, this is the WORST Cod yet. Black ops 2 was a much better game, it actual took more than one bullet to win your gun battle and the maps were structured much more symmetrically and better. The league system was a fantastic place for competitive people to play, now they took all the things that made COD better in black ops 2 and took them out again. This feels like a bad map pack for MW3, which this game now replaces as the worst cod ever. So dissapointed, i had my doubts about this game but my worst nightmare came true. Dont be like me, save your money and be happy to know that you didnt fall for the money trap like me. Its no longer about making a good game anymore, its just about milking the call of duty name. Im done.P.S I'd also like to add that the 29 5 star reviews are probably fake. There is nobody on earth in their right mind that could think this game deserves five stars. Obviously bot accounts to help bring the fake rating up so people can justify making the purchase. Don't be fooled. The best I could ever imagine someone giving this game is three stars, and thats only because they enjoy the skill-less, health deficient nature of it (I couldn't imagine why).
n This online is really glitchy and before anyone blames my connection, I've been playing for many years to know the difference. I'm rating the game on the multiplayer, the bread and butter of any multiplayer game. The shooting is weird. Enemies can drop you really quick, TOO MANY hiding spots and it is IMPOSSIBLE to distinguish between the environment and another player. I'm playing on a HD television and I swear it's hard to distinguish who's who. My last favorite CoD was Black Ops 1. MW3, Black Ops 2 and now this one is a disappointment. Thank goodness I borrowed it before I bought it. It sucks because Battlefield 4 is just as bad. Whichever you chose, Battlefield 4 or Ghost, you will be disappointed.
n What a disappointment. Big let down from MW3 to this. Game play is just bland and boring. Much like BO2. Last Cod game I'll buy. Sold it after a week of buying it.
n I rented this game and want my $2 back. It's really hard to get satisfaction out of this game. The developers should learn that less is more (like with Call of Duty 4). This game is absolutely flooded with perks, random ass killstreaks, and garbage ass random maps with no rhyme or reason! Every map is a gigantic chaotic maze with no possible strategic setups. The only way you can be good at this game is by camping (and very hard camping). There are countless pointless features and the developers have done nothing but complicate the game and make it noob-friendly. Black Ops 2 and cod5 weren't bad, and cod3 and 4 were the best! Avoid this trash like the plague!
n The game is fun as it but short. My kid finished it in about 2 hrs. In order to keep him entertaind you will need xbox live and the expansions content avaibale via download.
n it did not work stopped working after 1st use. we are in mist of returning it right now have another one coming
n disk was lose in pkg and only works some of the time . Keeps freezing and saying to clean disk. Have cleaned disk and ran cleaner on xbox but still get error.
n I don't know what happened to Call of Duty, but lately Modern Warfare and now Ghosts have seemed to slip into this predictable and stagnant phase. I bought Modern Warfare 3 and sold it because it felt like Modern Warfare 2, but tweaked in a few spots. Ghosts has some fun parts, but has lost having a good single player mode and the multiplayer and alien mode are really lacking. The story is a take off of earlier games, the multiplayer tries to be something it's not, and aliens is a take on zombie mode. Just nothing seems original in this game. Even though it's cool to swim with sharks and be a dog on a few missions, it couldn't make up for paying another $60 for something that's not that much different than what they made a year and a half ago.
n Just to set the scene about myself and my experience with Call of Duty:I have played the franchise since Call of Duty 3 (pre Modern Warfare). I have extensively played Call of Duty 3, Modern Warfare, Modern Warfare 2, Black Ops, Modern Warfare 3, and Black Ops 2. My K:D is around 1.5 for all of these versions and often "Max Prestiging" for most of them.The franchise as a whole has gone down hill for a while now, Ghosts in my opinion is a test by Activision as to how $***ty of a game they can make that people are willing still willing to provide. If you like being spawned in someone's crosshairs or taking two steps before being killed then look no further than this game. Several of the maps are just way too big, as a result even more camping takes place and if you're the run and gun type then this will be a frustrating experience. Leveling up absolutely takes forever, I've already invested about a day an a half of playing and I'm no where near my first prestige. The hit detection is crap, the replays are laughable in what the replay shows in the kill shot compared to what I saw during real time on my screen. Thinking that it was an issue with my setup I put in Black Ops 2, absolutely zero issues and ended up going 30 for 10 the first game out and probably finished the night with a K:D of around a little more than 2. With Ghosts I'm not even at a 1. This game is not worth owning. I will be switching to Battlefield 4 and/or playing Black Ops 2.The single player campaign was great and very enjoyable. The Ghosts' version of Zombies is called Extinction and is also very fun IF you play with people that know what they are doing.RUN!!! RUN AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME AS POSSIBLE!!
n The game was great but a quarter of the case was cracked and in pieces when my son opened it on Christmas Day.
n Christmas Gift to my 12-yr old Grandson, he loves it. I don't play video games, so I am not qualified to judge with my own experience.
n I hate this game! I'm an average K/D ratio kinda guy in BO and MW games. I only play multiplayer. I have to say, this game is terrible.Why: graphics are ugly at best. Maps are horribly laid out. Spawn has no reasoning what so ever. I get more kills cooking my grenade as soon as I spawn and running around till I blow up. Because they spawned me right I front of the enemy.I don't really want to write anymore. I hope IW don't make anymore DLC and focus on redeeming themselves with a whole new COD.Listen to all the other negative reviews.
n on custom games your supposed to be able to play 4 player and that is not all you can not even play 2 player on Xbox live
n This game is so bad I played Peggle and it was better than it. I would rather sit down and play bingo at an old folks home than sit through a painful game of getting shot in the back and immediately spawn killed.the maps would be good... For 64 player multiplayer! The campaign was okay, it only took me two hours to beat it. Don't waste your money and go play a game worth your time and effort.
n My husband is a big cod fan and he said this was such a sad disappointment to the series. when are they ever going to fix any of the problems that the series has?
n It feels like an arcade game sorry but its still good to play to pass time. I like BF4 better than COD
n this games i sboring and too difficult, the graphics are good but any gun kills you in one shot, dont buy
n I am from the Battlefield scene and I decided to download this game and I found out fast that this game gets monotonous quickly and there are too many (leveled up) players with the means of seeing where you are at very quickly and your dead before you even have dirt on your feet. Spawn and run 50 feet and die-spawn and run 50 feet and die.Glad I didn't buy this full price-now I think I will go back to Battlefield.MAJOR GAME FLAW:In tis version of COD you WILL die if you start to put bullets into an enemy and he pulls out a knife ...your dead even if you fired first!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This game was a mistake to purchase and not very well thought out.And yes I have blazing fast broadband and good connections.
n How could I have fallen once again for another poorly designed game from this franchise?I should've known better. It's just boring.The game plays like a script- that you really cannot deviate from.
n I'm a big fan of the cod franchise, this game is a huge disappointment. Maps are way too big, the graphics seem to be a step back, they are bland. Don't buy this game.
n I got the money to buy Ghosts for Christmas, and it's the worst gaming decision I've made in my life. I got it because people started flocking out of BO2 servers in hype of the new game, so I decided to might as well give it a shot.Bad idea. When I first got onto the game, the words and icons were so tiny I couldn't see and got a headache (you need an HDTV to see anything) and the extra game 'extinction' wasn't there. Turns out you had to complete a mission in the campaign to unlock it. The campaign was at least a bit decent, but extinction was not worth it at all- the excitement of mystery boxes and fun of shooting the undead in BO zombies was replaced with a strange species of alien and ridiculous objectives.Then there's multiplayer. That's the worst.First off, when a lot of people get online (including me), it gets stuck on "fetching online profile" which requires either restarting the game or switching off the console all together, which is a constant pain in the rear that I still have to deal with. Second, you have different characters in this "squad" you have, and every character has a different rank, class set, and "squad points" (money). None of this is transferable between squad members and you have to start out as a specific class of soldier- along with a slow gain of squad points that you have to have to unlock new items, the whole squad setup sucks. Even all of the different perks are so confusing that I've just decided not to mess with them.Once you actually manage to find a game to join, you get these awful maps without any decent color in which players can blend in easily. There's also an awful presence of lag and the stats of the two teams show up as a tiny box in the upper right corner. You get shot outta nowhere by a guy you can't see on a map that's twice the size of the ones we used to play on in Black Ops and Modern Warfare series. The guns aren't impressive either, without any technical standout among others. Overall, the only reason I'm glad this game was released is because it caused a lot of players to come fleeing back to fun ol' Black Ops 2 and now I have people to play with again on a game that should've never had a follow-up like this.
n its not the game I expected. its more camping then actually playing. Ive tried and tried to play but every time they come up behind me
n the disc l stopped working within a month. It came up with a message saying it could not be read
n To whomever is thinking about buying this terrible game, please reconsider. This game is by far the worst call of duty installment ive ever played, and to whoever says you just need to practice to get better at it, your wrong, simply becaus practice wont help you against the enemies weapon thatll take you down in under 2 seconds. There is literally no room for reaction time. Also, the weapons in this game either fall under the catagory of severly overpowered and severly underpowered. So, in conclusion, Do Not, under any circumstances, buy this terrible game. Take it from the guy who got so fustrated at it he locked the disk in a drawer in his basement. Also, if you have already bought this game, the only dlc thats worth spending your money on is the on that gets you the ripper, which is a gun that falls under the overpowered category.
n Its is a Saturday afternoon. At this time of day, COD BlackOps II would have over 200,000 players in multiplayer online. Right now Ghosts has 67,009. The campaign is ok, but short and not too much different from any other COD. Multiplayer is totally flawed. Modders and other cheats are rampant. Spawn kills are worse than BlackOps II. There is absolutely NO LAG COMPENSATION in the multiplayer. If you have a fast connection, you are a better player. What you see on your screen is not necessarily the reality of the situation. We were promised improvements in gameplay and servers. It did not happen. The game is now selling for $30. Half its original cost. It would be over prices at $15 or $20. I still enjoy playing with my friends, but once I get the final prestige, it is back to BlackOps II. If I could give it the rating it deserves, it would be 0 out of 5. But as it is, it gets a 1.
n I was really excited to get this for my birthday I was ready to play the new cod game. Then when I got it and played it this is what I saw. No improvements from all the other cods. If I were any of you cod lovers like me I would save your money for the next cod game (Advanced Warfare) and don't buy this game!
n This game is crap nobody plays this any more they went back to the 2 year old COD even YouTubers hate this junk game.!!!
n This game is POO HOT GARBAGE HOT CRAP if this game can make black ops 2 fun THEN WE GOT A PROBLEM
n This is without a doubt the worst CoD to date. The same thing every year, campaign is boring. Multiplayer server sucks. This franchise has to stop for good. This game is what made me stop liking CoD 1/5 stars
n Infinity ward lied about many aspects of the game they claim to have fixed. The return sales are off the chart. Save your money and buy something that isn't trash.
n Save your money this game lags out so much it is a joke not even worth the 30 dollars they want now. Then they added a phone app that you have to use if you want to join a clan. One word C R A P!
n Waaaay too many cut scense that would make you press a button after it's been playing for a while and if you miss it because it's 4:20 in the morning then you just cost yourself another several minutes of cut scene pain. PAIN! WHAT ABOUT THE CHILDREN AND THE OTHER CHILDREN AND THEM TOO??!!
n Boring I miss the Modern Warfare 2 feeling but I guess infinity ward doesn't care about us the consumers feelings
n I actually started playing this series with COD. That's right, the original (PC Only) title with no multiplayer. I've always enjoyed the games, though I very much preferred the Modern Warfare iterations to the Black Ops versions. So I was really excited about this title... until I played it. It's just bad all around.Cons: Graphics are awful on Xbox 360.Level design is the worst I've ever seen, they're all very bland and uninteresting.Girls. It's just dumb.Pros: None so far. I'll play the game more and see if anything is improved but so far online play is very laggy.I wish I could get my money back...
n This game is terrible for multiplayer. I bought this with the intent of an arcade style shooter, but its not much different than playing battlefield 4. Limited character health and the huge maps with long lines of sight tends to make most people camp. It makes the game frustrating and boring. Stick to MW2/3 or the first Black Ops. This is the last time I buy a junk COD game. I'm just waiting for Titanfall now.-Dissapointed Gamer
n This game is just complete trash, don't waste your money. They release them to fast, need more development and content
n This game is absolute trash spend your money on anything else but do NOT spend it on this worthless game.
n I can picture the developers sitting around taking bets on how little work or thought they would be able to put into this game and still make a disgusting amount of money. It's something quite close to theft. By far the worst ever Call of Duty. Not trying to add anything helpful to any discussions here, just to save you your hard earned cash. In fact, when you throw your controller at the TV, Activision Inc. will have scammed you out of even more cash as you'll be required to buy both a new TV set and controller.OH WAIT BUT IT'S GOT A DOG! And for real money, you can turn it into... A WOLF!Really top notch effort on this game. My last ever Call of Duty.
n there is simply nothing good about this game. the campaign is, in a shocking twist, boring and forgettable. the multiplayer is where the biggest disappointment is, with maps that are too big, too confusing, and too supportive of the "sit in a corner and wait for someone to walk by" style of play. there is no point in completing challenges, or even leveling up, as everything can be purchased. bottom line: this game is bad. there is no other term; simply terrible. if i could rate it lower than one star, i would
n I have purchased the previous CoD game (Black Ops 2) and I used to be a fan of Call of Duty, but let me tell you Ghosts is the worst Call of Duty I've ever seen produced. Just the way the game feels is horrendous. If you want to keep your voice and controller then DO NOT PURCHASE GHOSTS. Trust me I played about 600 hours of Black Ops 2 and Ghosts I've played for 2 1/5 days, I'll probably won't be keeping Ghosts on Xbox One.
n Terrible game. Spawns are terrible, no matter the game type. You just have to play it to see everything thats wrong with it. Don't bother playing it alone, unless its the single player. The story is at least decent, and its alright to play. But the multiplayer is just awful. MW2 was the last great game I.F. made.
n This game is just a remake of the last one. It's like they stopped trying. I am very disappointed with this game.
n Infinity Ward...... After thinking that MW3 was just a hiccup, it is clear to me that your company just can't live up to you former glory. I will not criticize your multiplayer maps, because I honestly think they are beautiful. I can tell you guys spent time imagining, designing and perfecting them. But you just flushed your game mechanics down the toilet to try to please the people that say that COD is the same thing over and over, but why mess with a winning formula? You are not going to reinvent the wheel, the damned wheel was awesome how it was.First off, half of the scopes that you put on your weapons have two settings. How do we switch from one setting to the other? Oh yeah, we have to either click the stick we are aiming with, or the one we are moving with. Nice choice, because what I want to do is switch my sights while I am trying to aim, every damned time!!! The D-Pad however, is left unused, because God forbid one would have to make a conscious decision to switch sights.Second, what the hell is wrong with your scavenger perk? why can't you replenish all of your equipment? Whether it is realistic or not, it worked in MW2. And that game is, by a large consensus, the best or second best of your games. In my opinion, it was the best.Third, how do you justify that the new soldiers are more poorly equipped than before? It used to be that you had two tactical, some sort of lethal..... AND equipment. You could use a bit of strategy so that you wouldn't simply get shot in the back at every turn. I guess they just keep slashing the budget of these hard-chargers. Next, maybe they'll run around with butter knives because they can't afford a proper combat knife.Fourth, how come you have limited the game modes so much? Core feels like Hardcore, and Hardcore is the same, just without a radar, I suppose.Fifth, secondary weapons are almost always weaker than the primary ones, how come they can't have as many attachments? What is the point of akimbo if you can't aim, yet remain underpowered against enemies camping with their rifle? Good luck trying to get some kills with sub-machine guns or pistols, when you get sniped every time you turn a corner.Sixth, sniper rifles often do not even have to hit the enemy to kill, but at least there is not much quick-scoping anymore, so thanks for that. Albeit, it could be because now there are more campers and more powerful sniper rifles.Seventh, what is it with these kill-streak trees? Why can't you mix and match whatever you want, without the cumulative garbage in the "support" aspect? Newsflash: If you die while obtaining it, it is not a "killstreak".These are just some of the problems I have with this game, and they are there not because of the graphics are sub-par, which they definitely are not. Even the mixing and matching of perks is a nice new feature, but when it comes to customizing weapons and loadouts, it seems to me like you keep restricting more and more things. What was wrong with having silenced akimbo submachine guns like in MW2? Nothing. Thankfully this game is not an endless run and gun like the Black Ops games have become, but this game really disappoints despite the care that has been taken in bringing it to the market. I have never seen so many one-sided matches in my entire life. The gameplay is always skewed so much to one side that one side wins by a margin of 2 to 1 or more.
n Call of Duty has been making a lot of money off making the same game every year. Here are my estimated rates on cheaters etcHalo 4, Cheaters/Modders: 99.9% (Full honesty)Black Ops 2, Cheaters/Modders: 95%CoD Ghosts, Cheaters/Modders: 85%Titanfall, Cheaters/Modders: Less than 25%THIS GAME WILL BE THE EXACT SAME AS THE NEXT CALL OF DUTY AND PROBABLY THE ONE AFTER THAT. CoD Ghosts is the same as MW3 and Black Ops 2 for sure and is in good health for those looking to have fun cheating or modding.
n I know the fanbois will hate me, but this game blows. Screen lag or something causes me to miss when others hit. I've tested this out on different connections and it's all over the place. The maps are basically for campers. If you like to "run and gun", don't waste the money. If you really must have the game, even after my warning, call me instead, I'll sell you my copy cheap (j/k Amazon, I wouldn't inflict that on anyone!).
n Worst call of duty I have ever played..Will not be buying another call of duty or rent one ever again.
n I've played Call of Duty for a while now (since Black Ops) and I have liked the game and playing with friends. I haven't had a loving passion for the game because for me it was just another game on the shelf, but I still have liked playing it once in a while. Unfortunately, because Treyarch are a bunch of immature, money pinching scumbags, the cartoony nature to Black Ops 2 made it quite boring to play. I was just down right sick of how the franchise was turning out, so I decided to give them one last chance with Ghost. I wouldn't say it was a bad decision to get this game, it just was a bit of a waste of money because of what it turned out to be. I'm not really a graphics junkie and though I will praise a game for having good graphics but I personally don't really care if they're not top notch. But if you happen to care about graphics then this game has the worst graphics I have ever seen a game have in the past 4 years. Anyways, when I first got this game I thought it was very fun, it was the first COD I was very good at and the big maps really didn't bother me. That was my opinion for the first 12 hours. It was all downhill from there. After getting to about level 30 I stopped playing this game to play something else, and since then it's just brutal to play this game. With the gigantic maps it makes gameplay very boring, not to mention that the game itself is incredibly boring. Both the campaign and extinction mode are just a waste of disk space as they are both not only generic, but just a plain waste of time. Squads mode I think is a good idea, but was poorly executed and thus for a lack of a better term, boring. Multiplayer I would say is the strongest point in this game, and by today's standards is very weak. The maps are way too big, the guns are so unbalanced that I don't even know what they were thinking for some of them, and the engine of course is the exact same engine they've used for the past 7 years that by the way was made in 2003. Due to lack of improvement, this game is just plain boring and is not worth your money if you are looking for long term enjoyment.
n Wow, what a disappointment. Whether you're playing online or with AI, this is nothing but a noob campfest. The maps are WAAAY too big so you'll find yourself sprinting for 2 minutes straight only to get noob sprayed by some camper hiding in the corner. And repeat...And playing the AI is just plain lame. The AI takes 5 hit markers then turns around and one-shot kills you?!...wow.How they managed to suck the fun right out of this series is impressive! Wait for this to hit the $5 bargain bin...and you won't have to wait long! Jump over to BF4 - a much, MUCH better experience.
n I have not played online yet, but I finished the campaign yesterday. Very disappointing. This franchise is suffering from the same problems as the Madden franchise.1) It only took about 6 hours to finish. Better players may be able finish sooner. Not challenging at all.2) The story is just a retread. New characters, but the storyline is nothing but cliches. If I were take the time to outline the storyline, there would be no reason to add "Spoiler Alert" because the story is so predictable and boring.3) Nothing new. There are underwater scenes and a space scene, but those scenes are nothing to get excited about.I have hope that the online play will save this game, but the other reviews leave me concerned.
n This is the worst COD I've played yet and I really didn't think it could get worse than all the NOOB friendly BS thrown into BO2. The hit detection is worse than any COD I've ever played. Quick Scoping is dead??? No it's much easier. As long as you shoot within 5 feet of your target you'll get a kill with a QS. Every gun is pretty much an instant kill though which neutralizes a snipers power. However since nobody has to be even remotely accurate and every gun is pretty much instant death it's almost like everyone is running around with snipers and autoaim...The maps are WAY too big. Everything seems to be kind of the same color. This is the first game I've ever played where my eyes hurt after just a few minutes of playing it. It's hard to distinguish enemies from everything else that's gray.The maps are also super complex. Billions upon billions of head glitch spots, corners, access points. 2, 3 and even 4 levels in some maps. This game really takes camping to a whole new level and it will just continue to get worse as more players join the fray adding to the BS.And the spawn points OMG. You would think with a decade of experience in making spawn points they could show improvement by now but they are actually regressing. How it's possible to spawn in front of someone zoomed in on their weapon 3 or 4 times in a row on a map that's the same size of a battlefield map but with just 6 enemies, I have no idea!!The game is barely playable now, in another 2 months it won't be playable at all. For the first time in the history of the COD franchise, I won't be playing their game. Looking forward to Titan Fall.
n As with other reviews I'm here to say this game is pretty s***ty. This has to be the worst COD ever created. Not sure if I hate the maps, characters, or gameplay worse. I'm over Call Of Dookie. No more games for me. This one did it for me.
n I got this game on a friday, returned it not even a day later at gamestop (got ripped off as always from them but put that money towards ac4: blackflag ((great game!)). I have had every CoD to date and this one just takes the cake as the worst. Why?Graphics : 0/5. Next gen my a**. If you played a ps2 game and compared it to this there wouldnt be a noticable difference, textures are horrible; cars are a bunch of giant pixels and the maps are bland and pointless and too vast. I simply could not believe they could release this game and call it next gen as they literally went back a generation in terms of graphics. LAZY.Gameplay: 0/5 What gameplay? Oh the one copied and pasted from the last 6 CoDs and made worse with the confusing and very useless perk system and character creation? Not to mention nothing new added except for leaning around walls and the useless sprint/crouch function taken from battlefield. You kill quick, you die quick, and you find enemies very seldom due to the huge pointless maps which were designed by 2nd hand developers as they have no theme to them and countless openings and exists. You feel like your in a maze, and getting shot from anywhere in a 360 degree angle is very possible and very probable. This encourages camping and sniping, and tons of frustration. The guns themselves look dumb and unoriginal.Campaign : You need help if you bought this game for the campaign as its literally uninteresting, short, and just thrown in just for the sake of having one. 0/5Overall : 0/5.SAVE YOUR MONEY. Do not let infinity ward rob you blind as it basically did me, last time i ever purchase a CoD game. Buy Black Flag thats a true next gen game. This is pure garbage copied and pasted into one bland mix of a giant fail.
n For a huge cod player / fan i am so dissapointed in this game, lets start with campaingn its pretty decent and a good story line but same mechanism it make feel you're playing mw3 game with black ops 2 setting which is horribe, don;t get me wrong here i love black ops 2, moving on to mutiplayer i'm pretty sure everyone has this same problem (you die too fast & maps are to huge) that's basically main issue with this game and also the weapon aim are horrible and uncontrollable, killstreaks are maybe ok i mean the dog is one badass killstreak added, satcom is extremely terrible and nothing as good as the previous uav's, squad points are ok but are to hard to get expecially if you really need it cause you got the game late it gives othe players advantage over you, extinction is infinity way of zombie its really good if you get use to it, in generall cod ghosts is a huge let down!!!! i never though i'd ever say that.
n Bottom line, this game is awful. Multiplayer concept may 'brief well', but in reality it completely supports camping, and the maps are so big that they literally rob the game of any fun that was left after playing a bunch of trash talking campers that this game supports. I wish I could get my money back for this awful excuse for a game, and certainly will be careful if I decide to buy the next terrible call of duty.
n Multiplayer: buggy, slow, and feels like the Battlefield franchise (which I can't stand).Extinction: boring and feels like what it is: a cheap ripoff of zombies mode from the Black Ops franchise.Campaign: plays like a B-action movie. Slow, clunky, pathetic.Squads: Actually could be a good concept, and they have definitely improved the NPC AI, but that's not even close to enough to make this worthwhile.This is the biggest disappointment of an FPS that I've ever played. Save your money. I have preordered the last three COD games and enjoyed each one of them, but this one sucks. I am selling it for whatever I can get and returning to Black Ops II. Tasking a $20 hit is worth getting this unbelievably frustrating game out of my collection.
n I almost didn't buy this game because I am getting burned out on COD. I own and have played them all. However, I am tired of campers. Why can't they fix this? It is not fun walking/running around looking for people only to be killed by someone hugging a corner or window. Not trying to sound like a whiner on this but the campers make this game unplayable. The maps are too big and a lot of times, you get snipped from the other side of the map as soon as you spawn and/or take two steps; unless the corner campers get you first. At least half the maps I wont play because if you move, your dead. Several of these maps make it too easy to snipe. I have no problem with snipping but this game and the maps heavily favor snipers/campers. The spawn issue is a big time fail. Pretty much this game is only fun for people that move at snails pace, don't move at all or camp all game. There doesn't seem to be much skill involved in this game. I will never again buy a COD game until I read reviews first and have assurance they fix the camping/mod issue. I didn't buy DLC with BO2 and I wont with this one. If everyone that complains about these issues doesn't buy the DLC or next COD, then I have a feeling the problems will be fixed. Vote with your dollars. There are games that are a lot more fun like Skyrim and Elder Scrolls online comes out in the Spring.
n Basically i took the time to let any others that have yet to buy this or are considering it ask yourself the question i asked above...Because Thats what this game really boils down to...It All Rides On Your Internet...If you have a half decent Isp...then you might have a decent time with this game...If you're like me(living in a area where fast internet isn't really possible) then chances are this wont be something you will enjoy...so ask yourself...How Good is my internet...?disclaimer...this review is for the multiplayer aspect of this game...i have not played (nor will i ever play)its single player mode...those died out 5 years ago......
n Just plain terrible. This game seems to have taken all the worst things about Call of Duty and forced them to be the only things that are happening. I can barely stand to play the game, let alone enjoy doing so. I haven't play it in weeks because its just plain bad. I loved Black Ops 2 and spent a great deal of time playing it with friends, but this years iteration of CoD is a dud. Hopefully they get the hint and start making a decent game again, but I'm definitely not doing any pre-orders on the next one.
n Multiplayer maps are the worst I have ever seen in call of duty history. Graphics are not an improvement whatsoever. They only give good stuff to people who can actually afford the dlc but don't care about the majority who can't afford it. I highly would not recommend buying it.
n Possibly the worst multiplayer game I've ever played online. Horribly small maps and spawn points are ridiculously too close to opponents.
n What else can I say about call of duty ghost. It makes me hate my self for buying the same game every year. since Modern Warfare 2 this series has just become so stale, I wanted to love this game but I cant. The gameplay is just like a modern warfare 3 mash up with black ops 1. If you want call of duty stick with MW, MW2, Black Ops.....
n What a $hitty @$$ game. I have always been a fan of the COD franchise up until this one. The weapon sound effects sound really corny as compared to Black Ops II. The overall mechanics of the game suck b@lls. Pistols and regular rifles somehow have super bullets that will penetrate through superman, hulk, and the expendables cast except chuck norris. Oh Oh and bullets also chase you around corners, til this day I am stuck on how this is possible!!! This game is pure $hit, I took it to out to the shotgun range and gave it what it deserves...double 00 buckshot to the pu$$y. GAME IS A RIPOFF, IF YOU BUY IT I SUGGEST YOU TAKE IT TO THE GUN RANGE!!!!
n Wasnt going to buy this game because it didnt look good but because im a CoD fan i bought it....& this game sucks bad, REAL BAD lol played it for a month or two & havent played it since, then tried selling it at gamestop & they wanted $25 LMAO, so im stuck with this garbage. I suggest getting BO2 (if you dont have it) or GTAV....or basically any other game. Multiplayer just plain out sucks & overall the game is boring.AW looks like trash too so i wont be buying it, i'll just get "BO3" when it comes out.Ps. Treyarch makes better games than Infinity Ward :)
n Bottom line, this game is awful. Multiplayer concept may 'brief well', but in reality it completely supports camping, and the maps are so big that they literally rob the game of any fun that was left after playing a bunch of trash talking campers that this game supports. I wish I could get my money back for this awful excuse for a game, and certainly will be careful if I decide to buy the next terrible call of duty.
n Multiplayer: buggy, slow, and feels like the Battlefield franchise (which I can't stand).Extinction: boring and feels like what it is: a cheap ripoff of zombies mode from the Black Ops franchise.Campaign: plays like a B-action movie. Slow, clunky, pathetic.Squads: Actually could be a good concept, and they have definitely improved the NPC AI, but that's not even close to enough to make this worthwhile.This is the biggest disappointment of an FPS that I've ever played. Save your money. I have preordered the last three COD games and enjoyed each one of them, but this one sucks. I am selling it for whatever I can get and returning to Black Ops II. Tasking a $20 hit is worth getting this unbelievably frustrating game out of my collection.
n I almost didn't buy this game because I am getting burned out on COD. I own and have played them all. However, I am tired of campers. Why can't they fix this? It is not fun walking/running around looking for people only to be killed by someone hugging a corner or window. Not trying to sound like a whiner on this but the campers make this game unplayable. The maps are too big and a lot of times, you get snipped from the other side of the map as soon as you spawn and/or take two steps; unless the corner campers get you first. At least half the maps I wont play because if you move, your dead. Several of these maps make it too easy to snipe. I have no problem with snipping but this game and the maps heavily favor snipers/campers. The spawn issue is a big time fail. Pretty much this game is only fun for people that move at snails pace, don't move at all or camp all game. There doesn't seem to be much skill involved in this game. I will never again buy a COD game until I read reviews first and have assurance they fix the camping/mod issue. I didn't buy DLC with BO2 and I wont with this one. If everyone that complains about these issues doesn't buy the DLC or next COD, then I have a feeling the problems will be fixed. Vote with your dollars. There are games that are a lot more fun like Skyrim and Elder Scrolls online comes out in the Spring.
n Basically i took the time to let any others that have yet to buy this or are considering it ask yourself the question i asked above...Because Thats what this game really boils down to...It All Rides On Your Internet...If you have a half decent Isp...then you might have a decent time with this game...If you're like me(living in a area where fast internet isn't really possible) then chances are this wont be something you will enjoy...so ask yourself...How Good is my internet...?disclaimer...this review is for the multiplayer aspect of this game...i have not played (nor will i ever play)its single player mode...those died out 5 years ago......
n Just plain terrible. This game seems to have taken all the worst things about Call of Duty and forced them to be the only things that are happening. I can barely stand to play the game, let alone enjoy doing so. I haven't play it in weeks because its just plain bad. I loved Black Ops 2 and spent a great deal of time playing it with friends, but this years iteration of CoD is a dud. Hopefully they get the hint and start making a decent game again, but I'm definitely not doing any pre-orders on the next one.
n Multiplayer maps are the worst I have ever seen in call of duty history. Graphics are not an improvement whatsoever. They only give good stuff to people who can actually afford the dlc but don't care about the majority who can't afford it. I highly would not recommend buying it.
n Possibly the worst multiplayer game I've ever played online. Horribly small maps and spawn points are ridiculously too close to opponents.
n What else can I say about call of duty ghost. It makes me hate my self for buying the same game every year. since Modern Warfare 2 this series has just become so stale, I wanted to love this game but I cant. The gameplay is just like a modern warfare 3 mash up with black ops 1. If you want call of duty stick with MW, MW2, Black Ops.....
n What a $hitty @$$ game. I have always been a fan of the COD franchise up until this one. The weapon sound effects sound really corny as compared to Black Ops II. The overall mechanics of the game suck b@lls. Pistols and regular rifles somehow have super bullets that will penetrate through superman, hulk, and the expendables cast except chuck norris. Oh Oh and bullets also chase you around corners, til this day I am stuck on how this is possible!!! This game is pure $hit, I took it to out to the shotgun range and gave it what it deserves...double 00 buckshot to the pu$$y. GAME IS A RIPOFF, IF YOU BUY IT I SUGGEST YOU TAKE IT TO THE GUN RANGE!!!!
n Wasnt going to buy this game because it didnt look good but because im a CoD fan i bought it....& this game sucks bad, REAL BAD lol played it for a month or two & havent played it since, then tried selling it at gamestop & they wanted $25 LMAO, so im stuck with this garbage. I suggest getting BO2 (if you dont have it) or GTAV....or basically any other game. Multiplayer just plain out sucks & overall the game is boring.AW looks like trash too so i wont be buying it, i'll just get "BO3" when it comes out.Ps. Treyarch makes better games than Infinity Ward :)
